      “Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.”    ―      Oscar Wilde  
      “You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,Love like you'll never be hurt,Sing like there's nobody listening,And live like it's heaven on earth.”    ―      William W. Purkey  
      “Be the change that you wish to see in the world.”    ―      Mahatma Gandhi  
      “Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.”    ―      Mahatma Gandhi  
      “Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.”    ―      Martin Luther King Jr.,  A Testament of Hope: The Essential Writings and Speeches
      “We accept the love we think we deserve.”    ―      Stephen Chbosky,  The Perks of Being a Wallflower
      “Without music, life would be a mistake.”    ―      Friedrich Nietzsche,  Twilight of the Idols
      “Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.”    ―      Marilyn Monroe  
      “There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”    ―      Albert Einstein  
      “We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.”    ―      Oscar Wilde,  Lady Windermere's Fan
      “Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.”    ―      Neil Gaiman,  Coraline
      “Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.”    ―      Bill Keane  
      “I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”    ―      Thomas A. Edison  
      “The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”    ―      Elie Wiesel  
      “I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.”    ―      Albert Einstein  
      “You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go...”    ―      Dr. Seuss,  Oh, the Places You'll Go!
      “It is never too late to be what you might have been.”    ―      George Eliot  
      “There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.”    ―      Maya Angelou,  I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
      “Everything you can imagine is real.”    ―      Pablo Picasso  
      “You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.”    ―      C.S. Lewis  
      “Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”    ―      George Bernard Shaw  
      “To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
      “Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.”    ―      Theodore Roosevelt  
      “Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.”    ―      Winston S. Churchill  
      “When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.”    ―      Helen Keller  
      “Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.”    ―      Shel Silverstein  
      “So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.”    ―      Stephen Chbosky,  The Perks of Being a Wallflower
      “And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist
      “You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”    ―      John Lennon  
      “It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.”    ―      Lewis Carroll  
      “It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist
      “What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it. Don't complain.”    ―      Maya Angelou,  Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now
      “A person's a person, no matter how small.”    ―      Dr. Seuss,  Horton Hears a Who!
      “You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.”    ―      Nicholas Sparks,  The Notebook
      “Well-behaved women seldom make history.”    ―      Laurel Thatcher Ulrich,  Well-Behaved Women Seldom Make History
      “So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.”    ―      F. Scott Fitzgerald,  The Great Gatsby
      “When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it--always.”    ―      Mahatma Gandhi  
      “Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!”    ―      Audrey Hepburn  
      “Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.”    ―      Eleanor Roosevelt  
      “I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.”    ―      Herbert Bayard Swope  
      “Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.”    ―      Margaret Mead  
      “Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.”    ―      Dalai Lama XIV  
      “Peace begins with a smile..”    ―      Mother Teresa  
      “Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live.”    ―      Gustave Flaubert  
      “Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art.... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival.”    ―      C.S. Lewis,  The Four Loves
      “I hope she'll be a fool -- that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool.”    ―      F. Scott Fitzgerald,  The Great Gatsby
      “Whatever you are, be a good one.”    ―      Abraham Lincoln  
      “May you live every day of your life.”    ―      Jonathan Swift  
      “Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.”    ―      George Orwell,  1984
      “Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.”    ―      Thomas Szasz  
      “First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. And then they attack you and want to burn you. And then they build monuments to you.”    ―      Nicholas Klein  
      “Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.”    ―      Rick Riordan,  The Lightning Thief
      “You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.”    ―      A.A. Milne,  Winnie-the-Pooh
      “Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?”    ―      L.M. Montgomery  
      “Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Hope is the thing with feathers That perches in the soul And sings the tune without the words And never stops at all.”    ―      Emily Dickinson  
      “Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.”    ―      haruki murakami,  What I Talk About When I Talk About Running
      “If you're reading this...Congratulations, you're alive.If that's not something to smile about,then I don't know what is.”    ―      Chad Sugg,  Monsters Under Your Head
      “Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Always do what you are afraid to do.”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson  
      “The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven..”    ―      John Milton,  Paradise Lost
      “Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.”    ―      Martin Luther King Jr.,  I Have a Dream: Writings and Speeches That Changed the World
      “Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.”    ―      Arthur Schopenhauer  
      “In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.”    ―      Martin Luther King Jr.  
      “It is so hard to leave—until you leave. And then it is the easiest goddamned thing in the world.”    ―      John Green,  Paper Towns
      “The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.”    ―      J.R.R. Tolkien,  The Fellowship of the Ring
      “Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it.”    ―      Lloyd Alexander  
      “Hell is empty and all the devils are here.”    ―      William Shakespeare,  The Tempest
      “Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept
      “Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.”    ―      Isaac Asimov,  Foundation
      “I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.(Popular misquote of "You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.")”    ―      Maya Angelou,  Letter to My Daughter
      “If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets.”    ―      Haruki Murakami,  Kafka on the Shore
      “Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.”    ―      Martin Luther King Jr.  
      “Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass.”    ―      maya angelou  
      “Turn your wounds into wisdom.”    ―      Oprah Winfrey  
      “Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.”    ―      Arthur Conan Doyle,  The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes
      “War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.”    ―      George Orwell,  1984
      “Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Prayer is not asking. It is a longing of the soul. It is daily admission of one's weakness. It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart.”    ―      Mahatma Gandhi  
      “It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.”    ―      Dale Carnegie,  How to Win Friends and Influence People
      “What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again.”    ―      Suzanne Collins,  Mockingjay
      “I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.' ... There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.”    ―      Maya Angelou  
      “The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.”    ―      Eleanor Roosevelt  
      “And, in the endThe love you takeis equal to the love you make.”    ―      Paul McCartney,  The Beatles Illustrated Lyrics
      “I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow; but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.”    ―      Agatha Christie  
      “I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it.”    ―      Mark Twain  
      “It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “I am not sure exactly what heaven will be like, but I know that when we die and it comes time for God to judge us, He will not ask, 'How many good things have you done in your life?' rather He will ask, 'How much love did you put into what you did?”    ―      Mother Teresa  
      “You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.”    ―      Robert Louis Stevenson  
      “But I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough can you see the stars.”    ―      Martin Luther King, Jr.  
      “The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “None but ourselves can free our minds.”    ―      Bob Marley  
      “Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.”    ―      Rabindranath Tagore,  Stray Birds
      “Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.”    ―      Albert Schweitzer  
      “People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.”    ―      A.A. Milne,  Winnie-the-Pooh
      “Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.”    ―      Kalu Ndukwe Kalu  
      “A painter should begin every canvas with a wash of black, because all things in nature are dark except where exposed by the light.”    ―      Leonardo da Vinci  
      “Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.”    ―      Max Lucado  
      “It's kind of fun to do the impossible.”    ―      Walt Disney  
      “Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.”    ―      Lance Armstrong Sally Jenkins,  Every Second Counts
      “Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “You never fail until you stop trying.”    ―      Albert Einstein  
      “I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow.Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.”    ―      Santosh Kalwar,  Quote Me Everyday
      “All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.”    ―      St. Francis Of Assisi,  The Little Flowers of St. Francis of Assisi
      “If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “HopeSmiles from the threshold of the year to come, Whispering 'it will be happier'...”    ―      Alfred Lord Tennyson  
      “It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.”    ―      Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,  The Little Prince
      “Start writing, no matter what. The water does not flow until the faucet is turned on.”    ―      Louis L'Amour  
      “Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “The Chinese use two brush strokes to write the word 'crisis.' One brush stroke stands for danger; the other for opportunity. In a crisis, be aware of the danger--but recognize the opportunity.”    ―      John F. Kennedy  
      “Keep GoingYour hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “To see a World in a Grain of Sand And a Heaven in a Wild Flower, Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand And Eternity in an hour.”    ―      William Blake,  Auguries of Innocence
      “Why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time. My greatest regret was how much I believed in the future.”    ―      Jonathan Safran Foer,  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close
      “Stories never really end...even if the books like to pretend they do. Stories always go on. They don't end on the last page, any more than they begin on the first page.”    ―      Cornelia Funke,  Inkspell
      “Believe in Your HeartBelieve in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “You're off to Great Places!Today is your day!Your mountain is waiting,So... get on your way!”    ―      Dr. Seuss,  Oh, the Places You'll Go!
      “Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.”    ―      H. Jackson Brown Jr.  
      “Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return.”    ―      Leonardo da Vinci  
      “Dance, when you're broken open. Dance, if you've torn the bandage off. Dance in the middle of the fighting. Dance in your blood. Dance when you're perfectly free.”    ―      Rumi  
      “The thing about growing up with Fred and George," said Ginny thoughtfully, "is that you sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.”    ―      J. K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
      “No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “One love, one heart, one destiny.”    ―      Robert Marley  
      “The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.”    ―      Bukkyo Dendo Kyokai,  The Teaching of Buddha
      “Acts of Kindness:A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Any fool can be happy. It takes a man with real heart to make beauty out of the stuff that makes us weep.”    ―      Clive Barker,  Abarat: Days of Magic, Nights of War
      “Top 15 Things Money Can’t BuyTime. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “So be sure when you step, Step with care and great tact. And remember that life's A Great Balancing Act. And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and ¾ percent guaranteed) Kid, you'll move mountains.”    ―      Dr. Seuss,  Oh, The Places You'll Go!
      “If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?”    ―      Rumi  
      “It's not the face, but the expressions on it. It's not the voice, but what you say. It's not how you look in that body, but the thing you do with it. You are beautiful.”    ―      Stephenie Meyer,  The Host
      “Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
      “You is kind. You is smart. You is important.”    ―      Kathryn Stockett,  The Help
      “What makes the desert beautiful,' said the little prince, 'is that somewhere it hides a well...”    ―      Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,  The Little Prince
      “Is 'fat' really the worst thing a human being can be? Is 'fat' worse than 'vindictive', 'jealous', 'shallow', 'vain', 'boring' or 'cruel'? Not to me.”    ―      J.K. Rowling  
      “Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?”    ―      Rumi  
      “Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “To me, Fearless is not the absense of fear. It's not being completely unafraid. To me, Fearless is having fears. Fearless is having doubts. Lots of them. To me, Fearless is living in spite of those things that scare you to death.”    ―      Taylor Swift  
      “Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.”    ―      Viktor E. Frankl,  Man's Search for Meaning
      “‎Though nobody can go back and make a new beginning... Anyone can start over and make a new ending.”    ―      Chico Xavier  
      “You see things; you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?”    ―      George Bernard Shaw,  Back to Methuselah
      “Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.”    ―      Steve Maraboli  
      “Live in the present, remember the past, and fear not the future, for it doesn't exist and never shall. There is only now.”    ―      Christopher Paolini,  Eldest
      “The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or touched, they are felt with the heart.”    ―      Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,  The Little Prince
      “We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.”    ―      Stephen Hawking  
      “Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Happiness [is] only real when shared”    ―      Jon Krakauer,  Into the Wild
      “‎Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.”    ―      Voltaire  
      “The past has no power over the present moment.”    ―      Eckhart Tolle  
      “Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.”    ―      John A. Shedd  
      “Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.”    ―      Alice Walker  
      “Better to be strong than pretty and useless.”    ―      Lilith Saintcrow,  Strange Angels
      “When people don't express themselves, they die one piece at a time.”    ―      Laurie Halse Anderson,  Speak
      “Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.”    ―      Markus Zusak,  I Am the Messenger
      “Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.”    ―      Will Rogers  
      “The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.”    ―      Bette Midler  
      “May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.”    ―      George Carlin  
      “He is half of my soul, as the poets say.”    ―      Madeline Miller,  The Song of Achilles
      “There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.”    ―      J. K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
      “No matter what he does, every person on earth plays a central role in the history of the world. And normally he doesn't know it.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist
      “There was another life that I might have had, but I am having this one.”    ―      Kazuo Ishiguro  
      “It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.”    ―      Confucius  
      “You should never be surprised when someone treats you with respect, you should expect it.”    ―      Sarah Dessen,  Keeping the Moon
      “The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.”    ―      Eleanor Roosevelt  
      “Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  Brida
      “What's the good of living if you don't try a few things?”    ―      Charles M. Schulz  
      “Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.”    ―      Zig Ziglar  
      “Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.”    ―      Barack Obama  
      “Go on with what your heart tells you, or you will lose all.”    ―      Rick Riordan,  The Lightning Thief
      “If people refuse to look at you in a new light and they can only see you for what you were, only see you for the mistakes you've made, if they don't realize that you are not your mistakes, then they have to go.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.”    ―      Mark Twain  
      “Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.”    ―      Rick Riordan,  The Lightning Thief
      “If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.”    ―      Dalai Lama XIV  
      “Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Reputation is what other people know about you. Honor is what you know about yourself.”    ―      Lois McMaster Bujold,  A Civil Campaign
      “Try a little harder to be a little better.”    ―      Gordon B. Hinckley  
      “All parents damage their children. It cannot be helped. Youth, like pristine glass, absorbs the prints of its handlers. Some parents smudge, others crack, a few shatter childhoods completely into jagged little pieces, beyond repair.”    ―      Mitch Albom,  The Five People You Meet in Heaven
      “To shine your brightest light is to be who you truly are.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “My concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.”    ―      Abraham Lincoln  
      “The important thing to you is not how many years in your life, but how much life in your years!”    ―      Edward J. Stieglitz  
      “Remember, darkness does not always equate to evil, just as light does not always bring good.”    ―      P.C. Cast,  Betrayed
      “I meant what I said and I said what I meant. An elephant's faithful one-hundred percent!”    ―      Dr. Seuss,  Horton Hatches the Egg
      “Tears are words that need to be written.”    ―      Paulo Coelho  
      “When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book.”    ―      Margaret Walker  
      “Don't let the bastards grind you down.”    ―      Margaret Atwood,  The Handmaid's Tale
      “Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?”    ―      George Eliot  
      “Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.”    ―      Anne Frank,  The Diary of a Young Girl
      “There must be those among whom we can sit down and weep and still be counted as warriors.”    ―      Adrienne Rich  
      “It is not the size of the dog in the fight that counts, but the fight in the dog that wins.”    ―      Arthur G. Lewis,  Stub Ends of Thought and Verse
      “When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.”    ―      John Muir  
      “A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.”    ―      Maya Angelou  
      “You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “please believe that things are good with me, and even when they're not, they will be soon enough. And i will always believe the same about you.”    ―      Stephen Chbosky,  The Perks of Being a Wallflower
      “Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.”    ―      Harvey Fierstein  
      “Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “You are not rich until you have a rich heart.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that's what makes you strong.”    ―      Sarah Dessen  
      “I must be a mermaid, Rango. I have no fear of depths and a great fear of shallow living.”    ―      Anais Nin  
      “I kept always two books in my pocket, one to read, one to write in.”    ―      Robert Louis Stevenson,  Essays of Robert Louis Stevenson
      “In the endthese things matter most:How well did you love?How fully did you live?How deeply did you let go?”    ―      Jack Kornfield,  Buddha's Little Instruction Book
      “Great heroes need great sorrows and burdens, or half their greatness goes unnoticed. It is all part of the fairy tale.”    ―      Peter S. Beagle,  The Last Unicorn
      “Atticus, he was real nice.""Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them.”    ―      Harper Lee,  To Kill a Mockingbird
      “Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.”    ―      Kurt Cobain  
      “A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.”    ―      Charles Darwin,  The Life & Letters of Charles Darwin
      “Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.”    ―      Anne Frank  
      “The question is not what you look at, but what you see.”    ―      Henry David Thoreau  
      “Once you have read a book you care about, some part of it is always with you.”    ―      Louis L'Amour,  Matagorda/The First Fast Draw
      “Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow, but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them.”    ―      Leo Tolstoy  
      “I wonder how many people don't get the one they want, but end up with the one they're supposed to be with.”    ―      Fannie Flagg,  Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe
      “Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.”    ―      Marilyn Monroe  
      “Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.”    ―      Moliere  
      “I’ve been fighting to be who I am all my life. What’s the point of being who I am, if I can’t have the person who was worth all the fighting for?”    ―      Stephanie Lennox,  I Don't Remember You
      “Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “I want to be in a relationship where you telling me you love me is just a ceremonious validation of what you already show me.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.”    ―      Neil deGrasse Tyson  
      “Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.”    ―      Walt Whitman  
      “there is a place in the heart thatwill never be filleda spaceand even during thebest momentsandthe greatest timestimeswe will know itwe will know itmore thaneverthere is a place in the heart thatwill never be filledandwe will waitandwaitin that space.”    ―      Charles bukowski  
      “Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.”    ―      Norman Vincent Peale  
      “Do not set aside your happiness. Do not wait to be happy in the future. The best time to be happy is always now.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Courage isn't having the strength to go on - it is going on when you don't have strength.”    ―      Napoleon Bonaparte   
      “All thinking men are atheists.”    ―      Ernest Hemingway,  A Farewell to Arms
      “However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?”    ―      Buddha Siddhartha Guatama Shakyamuni  
      “The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.”    ―      Maya Angelou   
      “What's terrible is to pretend that second-rate is first-rate. To pretend that you don't need love when you do; or you like your work when you know quite well you're capable of better.”    ―      Doris Lessing,  The Golden Notebook
      “We don’t need a list of rights and wrongs, tables of dos and don’ts: we need books, time, and silence. Thou shalt not is soon forgotten, but Once upon a time lasts forever.”    ―      Philip Pullman  
      “Jane, be still; don't struggle so like a wild, frantic bird, that is rending its own plumage in its desperation.""I am no bird; and no net ensnares me; I am a free human being, with an independent will; which I now exert to leave you.”    ―      Charlotte Brontë ,  Jane Eyre
      “Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not. ”    ―      Pablo Picasso,  Pablo Picasso: Metamorphoses of the Human Form : Graphic Works, 1895-1972
      “Ask for what you want and be prepared to get it!”    ―      Maya Angelou  
      “Life has no remote....get up and change it yourself!”    ―      Mark A. Cooper,  Operation Einstein
      “When things break, it's not the actual breaking that prevents them from getting back together again. It's because a little piece gets lost - the two remaining ends couldn't fit together even if they wanted to. The whole shape has changed.”    ―      John Green,  Will Grayson, Will Grayson
      “Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “A concept is a brick. It can be used to build a courthouse of reason. Or it can be thrown through the window.”    ―      Gilles Deleuze,  A Thousand Plateaus: Capitalism and Schizophrenia
      “Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “If you want to be happy, be.”    ―      Tolstoy Leo  
      “The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “The starting point of all achievement is DESIRE. Keep this constantly in mind. Weak desire brings weak results, just as a small fire makes a small amount of heat.”    ―      Napoleon Hill,  Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century
      “Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “I just want you to know that you’re very special… and the only reason I’m telling you is that I don’t know if anyone else ever has.”    ―      Stephen Chbosky,  The Perks of Being a Wallflower
      “If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.”    ―      Mother Teresa  
      “If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.”    ―      Nora Roberts  
      “مش مهم انك تغير الكون... المهم انك تخلي الكون ما يغيركش”    ―      عمر طاهر  
      “Be steady and well-ordered in your life so that you can be fierce and original in your work.”    ―      Gustave Flaubert  
      “The grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.”    ―      George Washington Burnap,  The Sphere and Duties of Woman: A Course of Lectures
      “Stepping onto a brand-new path is difficult, but not more difficult than remaining in a situation, which is not nurturing to the whole woman.”    ―      Maya Angelou  
      “No matter how plain a woman may be, if truth and honesty are written across her face, she will be beautiful.”    ―      Eleanor Roosevelt  
      “Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it.Boldness has genius, power and magic in it!”    ―      John Anster,  The First Part of Goethe's Faust
      “You may tell a tale that takes up residence in someone's soul, becomes their blood and self and purpose. That tale will move them and drive them and who knows that they might do because of it, because of your words. That is your role, your gift.”    ―      Erin Morgenstern,  The Night Circus
      “I am a part of all that I have met.”    ―      Alfred Tennyson,  The Complete Poetical Works of Tennyson
      “Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.”    ―      Albert Einstein   
      “I figured something out. The future is unpredictable.”    ―      John Green,  An Abundance of Katherines
      “Because,' she said, 'when you're scared but you still do it anyway, that's brave.”    ―      Neil Gaiman,  Coraline
      “Do no harm and leave the world a better place than you found it.”    ―      Patricia Cornwell  
      “I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.”    ―      Galileo Galilei  
      “There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt. Doubt separates people. It is a poison that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations. It is a thorn that irritates and hurts; it is a sword that kills.”    ―      Buddha Siddhartha Guatama Shakyamuni  
      “Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed.”    ―      Mahatma Gandhi  
      “Two roads diverged in a wood, and I -I took the one less traveled by,And that has made all the difference.”    ―      Robert Frost  
      “. . . when it comes down to it, that’s what life is all about: showing up for the people you love, again and again, until you can’t show up anymore.”    ―      Rebecca Walker,  Baby Love: Choosing Motherhood After a Lifetime of Ambivalence
      “I am not a teacher, but an awakener.”    ―      Robert Frost  
      “I sought to hear the voice of God and climbed the topmost steeple, but God declared: "Go down again - I dwell among the people.”    ―      John Henry Newman  
      “It’s your life; you don’t need someone’s permission to live the life you want. Be brave to live from your heart.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Not being heard is no reason for silence.”    ―      Hugo, Victor,  Les Misérables
      “I’ve known people that the world has thrown everything at to discourage them...to break their spirit. And yet something about them retains a dignity. They face life and don’t ask quarters.”    ―      Horton Foote  
      “Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson  
      “We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents.”    ―      Bob Ross  
      “We never know the quality of someone else's life, though we seldom resist the temptation to assume and pass judgement.”    ―      Tami Hoag,  Dark Horse
      “The higher we soar the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly.”    ―      Friedrich Nietzsche,  Thus Spoke Zarathustra
      “My only advice is to stay aware, listen carefully, and yell for help if you need it.”    ―      Judy Blume  
      “Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure.”    ―      Rumi  
      “Well, we all make mistakes, dear, so just put it behind you. We should regret our mistakes and learn from them, but never carry them forward into the future with us.”    ―      L.M. Montgomery,  Anne of Avonlea
      “Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Men are from Earth, women are from Earth. Deal with it.”    ―      George Carlin  
      “Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep and continuing needs, is good for him.”    ―      Maya Angelou  
      “If you make a mistake and do not correct it, this is called a mistake.”    ―      Confucius  
      “Do Not Lie to Yourself We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Hearts are breakable," Isabelle said. "And I think even when you heal, you're never what you were before".”    ―      Cassandra Clare,  City of Fallen Angels
      “Because paper has more patience than people. ”    ―      Anne Frank   
      “No matter how your heart is grieving, if you keep on believing, the dreams that you wish will come true.”    ―      Walt Disney Company  
      “Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams:Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Life before Death.Strength before Weakness.Journey before Destination.”    ―      Brandon Sanderson,  The Way of Kings
      “Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace. God is awake.”    ―      Victor Hugo  
      “The real heroes anyway aren't the people doing things; the real heroes are the people NOTICING things, paying attention.”    ―      John Green,  The Fault in Our Stars
      “Just because you can doesn't mean you should.”    ―      Sherrilyn Kenyon  
      “When you do the right thing, you get the feeling of peace and serenity associated with it. Do it again and again.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it.”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
      “There is a candle in your heart, ready to be kindled.There is a void in your soul, ready to be filled.You feel it, don't you?”    ―      Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi  
      “Only after disaster can we be resurrected. It's only after you've lost everything that you're free to do anything. Nothing is static, everything is evolving, everything is falling apart.”    ―      Chuck Palahniuk,  Fight Club
      “Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “You might as well answer the door, my child,the truth is furiously knocking.”    ―      Lucille Clifton,  Good Woman: Poems and a Memoir 1969-1980
      “Sometimes God allows what he hates to accomplish what he loves.”    ―      Joni Eareckson Tada,  The God I Love
      “When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love ...”    ―      Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations
      “We are flawed creatures, all of us. Some of us think that means we should fix our flaws. But get rid of my flaws and there would be no one left.”    ―      Sarah Vowell,  Take the Cannoli
      “Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see.”    ―      Helen Keller  
      “No one really knows why they are alive until they know what they'd die for.”    ―      Martin Luther King Jr.  
      “How would your life be different if…You stopped making negative judgmental assumptions about people you encounter? Let today be the day…You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “The outer world is a reflection of the inner world. Other people’s perception of you is a reflection of them; your response to them is an awareness of you.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon.”    ―      E.M. Forster  
      “Happiness is like a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.”    ―      Nathaniel Hawthorne  
      “Shoot for the moon, even if you fail, you'll land among the stars”    ―      Cecelia Ahern,  P.S. I Love You
      “Love: a single word, a wispy thing, a word no bigger or longer than an edge. That's what it is: an edge; a razor. It draws up through the center of your life, cutting everything in two. Before and after. The rest of the world falls away on either side.”    ―      Lauren Oliver,  Delirium
      “True love is not so much a matter of romance as it is a matter of anxious concern for the well-being of one's companion.”    ―      Gordon B. Hinckley,  Stand a Little Taller
      “The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.”    ―      Audrey Hepburn  
      “Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.”    ―      Wayne W. Dyer  
      “why are trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out”    ―      Oliver James  
      “Excellence is never an accident. It is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, and intelligent execution; it represents the wise choice of many alternatives - choice, not chance, determines your destiny.”    ―      Aristotle  
      “The reason birds can fly and we can't is simply because they have perfect faith, for to have faith is to have wings.”    ―      J.M. Barrie,  The Little White Bird
      “He that can have patience can have what he will.”    ―      Benjamin Franklin  
      “Life is made of so many moments that mean nothing. Then one day, a single moment comes along to define every second that comes after. Such moments are tests of courage, of strength.”    ―      Sabaa Tahir,  An Ember in the Ashes
      “To love and win is the best thing.To love and lose, the next best.”    ―      William Makepeace Thackeray   
      “We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.”    ―      anaïs nin,  The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 7: 1966-1974
      “Don't be afraid of enemies who attack you. Be afraid of the friends who flatter you.”    ―      Dale Carnegie,  How to Win Friends and Influence People
      “I must be willing to give up what I am in order to become what I will be.”    ―      Albert Einstein  
      “There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “Everybody is special. Everybody. Everybody is a hero, a lover, a fool, a villain. Everybody. Everybody has their story to tell.”    ―      Alan Moore,  V for Vendetta
      “You only need one man to love you. But him to love you free like a wildfire, crazy like the moon, always like tomorrow, sudden like an inhale and overcoming like the tides. Only one man and all of this.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.”    ―      Leo Tolstoy  
      “A man with outward courage dares to die; a man with inner courage dares to live.”    ―      Lao Tzu,  Tao Te Ching
      “It's okay,” he said. “We're together.” He didn't say you're okay, or we're alive. After all they'd been through over the last year, he knew that the most important thing was that they were together. She loved him for saying that.”    ―      Rick Riordan,  The Mark of Athena
      “The only person who can pull me down is myself, and I'm not going to let myself pull me down anymore.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “There is the great lesson of 'Beauty and the Beast,' that a thing must be loved before it is lovable.”    ―      G.K. Chesterton  
      “You'll never find a rainbow if you're looking down”    ―      Charlie Chaplin  
      “Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses.Focus on your character, not your reputation.Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Life sucks, and then you die...”    ―      Stephenie Meyer,  Breaking Dawn
      “The heart is the toughest part of the body. Tenderness is in the hands.”    ―      Carolyn Forché,  The Country Between Us
      “The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.”    ―      Oprah Winfrey  
      “Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are”    ―      Kurt Cobain  
      “I think that we are like stars. Something happens to burst us open; but when we burst open and think we are dying; we’re actually turning into a supernova. And then when we look at ourselves again, we see that we’re suddenly more beautiful than we ever were before!”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “Travel far enough, you meet yourself.”    ―      David Mitchell,  Cloud Atlas
      “The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself.”    ―      Michel de Montaigne,  The Complete Essays
      “I never want to change so much that people can't recognize me.”    ―      Taylor Swift  
      “I live my life in widening circles that reach out across the world.”    ―      Rainer Maria Rilke,  Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God
      “I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself”    ―      D.H. Lawrence  
      “There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “Be empty of worrying.Think of who created thought!Why do you stay in prisonWhen the door is so wide open?”    ―      Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi,  The Essential Rumi
      “Above all else, guard your heart for it affects everything else you do.”    ―      Anonymous,  Holy Bible: New International Version
      “A Penny Saved is a Penny Earned”    ―      Benjamin Franklin  
      “Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Make the most of yourself....for that is all there is of you.”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson  
      “What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions.”    ―      Anaïs Nin,  Henry And June
      “Believe you can and you're halfway there.”    ―      Theodore Roosevelt  
      “Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside while still alive. Never surrender.”    ―      Tupac Shakur  
      “When in a relationship, a real man doesn't make his woman jealous of others, he makes others jealous of his woman.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “Do not go gentle into that good night,Old age should burn and rave at close of day;Rage, rage against the dying of the light.”    ―      Dylan Thomas,  Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night
      “Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.”    ―      Thomas A. Edison  
      “For like a shaft, clear and cold, the thought pierced him that in the end the Shadow was only a small and passing thing: there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach.”    ―      J.R.R. Tolkien,  The Return of the King
      “Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don’t need the approval of others.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.”    ―      Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations
      “Aim higher in case you fall short.”    ―      Suzanne Collins,  Catching Fire
      “We are products of our past, but we don't have to be prisoners of it.”    ―      Rick Warren,  The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?
      “In the end you should always do the right thing even if it's hard.”    ―      Nicholas Sparks,  The Last Song
      “I may not always be with you But when we're far apartRemember you will be with meRight inside my heart”    ―      Marc Wambolt,  Poems from the Heart
      “Around here, however, we don't look backwards for very long. We keep moving forward, opening up new doors and doing new things, because we're curious...and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.”    ―      Walt Disney Company  
      “When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “We meet no ordinary people in our lives.”    ―      C.S. Lewis; Inspirational Christian Library  
      “The damage was permanent; there would always be scars. But even the angriest scars faded over time until it was difficult to see them written on the skin at all, and the only thing that remained was the memory of how painful it had been.”    ―      Jodi Picoult  
      “Sometimes all a person wants is an empathetic ear; all he or she needs is to talk it out. Just offering a listening ear and an understanding heart for his or her suffering can be a big comfort.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Real courage is when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.”    ―      Harper Lee,  To Kill a Mockingbird
      “Everyone you meet is a part of your journey, but not all of them are meant to stay in your life. Some people are just passing through to bring you gifts; either they're blessings or lessons.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Those who do not weep, do not see.”    ―      Victor Hugo,  Les Misérables
      “I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, It's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, And that enables you to laugh at life's realities.”    ―      Dr. Seuss  
      “Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.”    ―      Leo Buscaglia  
      “Swords can win territories but not hearts, forces can bend heads but not minds.”    ―      Mirza Tahir Ahmad  
      “Count your blessings, not your problems. Count your own blessings, not someone else's. Remember that jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “When each day is the same as the next, it’s because people fail to recognize the good things that happen in their lives every day that the sun rises.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist
      “Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “There is a way to be good again...”    ―      Khaled Hosseini,  The Kite Runner
      “Dumbledore will only leave from Hogwarts when there are none loyal to him!”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
      “There are two ways to reach me: by way of kisses or by way of the imagination. But there is a hierarchy: the kisses alone don't work.”    ―      Anaïs Nin,  Henry And June
      “We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.”    ―      Carlos Castaneda  
      “Music melts all the separate parts of our bodies together.”    ―      Anais Nin  
      “One ChoiceOne Choice, decided your friends.One Choice, defines your beliefs.One Choice, determines your loyalties - Forever.ONCE CHOICE CAN TRANSFORM YOU”    ―      Veronica Roth,  Divergent
      “I believe there is another world waiting for us. A better world. And I'll be waiting for you there.”    ―      David Mitchell,  Cloud Atlas
      “It is always the false that makes you suffer, the false desires and fears, the false values and ideas, the false relationships between people. Abandon the false and you are free of pain; truth makes happy, truth liberates.”    ―      Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj  
      “At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.”    ―      John Wooden  
      “Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson  
      “Always dream and shoot higher than you know you can do. Do not bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.”    ―      William Faulkner  
      “Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.”    ―      Albert Einstein  
      “I shall look at you out of the corner of my eye, and you will say nothing. Words are the source of misunderstandings.”    ―      Antoine de Saint-Exupéry  
      “I'd rather learn from one bird how to sing than teach ten thousand stars how not to dance”    ―      E.E. Cummings  
      “There's so much to be grateful for, words are poor things.”    ―      Marilynne Robinson,  Home
      “It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Be like the sun for grace and mercy. Be like the night to cover others' faults. Be like running water for generosity. Be like death for rage and anger. Be like the Earth for modesty. Appear as you are. Be as you appear.”    ―      Rumi  
      “Dream as if you will live forever; Live as if you will die today.”    ―      James  Dean  
      “Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.”    ―      Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations
      “Just be yourself, there is no one better.”    ―      Taylor Swift  
      “Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.”    ―      Seneca  
      “If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Those who look for the bad in people will surely find it.”    ―      Abraham Lincoln  
      “Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work.”    ―      Stephen King,  On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft
      “Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.”    ―      Howard Thurman  
      “Resentment is like drinking poison and then hoping it will kill your enemies.”    ―      Nelson Mandela  
      “Without fear there cannot be courage.”    ―      Christopher Paolini  
      “Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.”    ―      Elbert Hubbard,  The Roycroft Dictionary Concocted By Ali Baba And The Bunch On Rainy Days
      “Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue. Realize the strength, move on.”    ―      Henry Rollins  
      “Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.”    ―      Andre Gide  
      “The windows of my soul I throwWide open to the sun.”    ―      John Greenleaf Whittier,  Poetry
      “If you dare nothing, then when the day is over, nothing is all you will have gained.”    ―      Neil Gaiman,  The Graveyard Book
      “If your feet are firmly planted on the ground you'll never be able to dance.”    ―      Iris Johansen,  Countdown
      “What would come, would come...and you would have to meet it, when it did.”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
      “You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that; I AM BETTER THAN THAT...Goodbye.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “It is by no means an irrational fancy that, in a future existence, we shall look upon what we think our present existence, as a dream.”    ―      Edgar Allan Poe  
      “Fiction is art and art is the triumph over chaos… to celebrate a world that lies spread out around us like a bewildering and stupendous dream.”    ―      John Cheever  
      “I'd rather be a rising ape than a falling angel.”    ―      Terry Pratchett  
      “I learned this, at least, by my experiment; that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours..”    ―      Thoreau, Henry David  
      “Our life is what our thoughts make it.”    ―      Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations
      “My heart is warm with the friends I make,And better friends I'll not be knowing,Yet there isn't a train I wouldn't take,No matter where it's going.”    ―      Edna St. Vincent Millay,  The Selected Poetry
      “A goal without a plan is just a wish.”    ―      Antoine de Saint-Exupéry  
      “Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.”    ―      Napoleon Hill,  Think and Grow Rich: A Black Choice
      “Nothing can disturb your peace of mind unless you allow it to.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “And out of that hopeless attempt has come nearly all that we call human history—money, poverty, ambition, war, prostitution, classes, empires, slavery—the long terrible story of man trying to find something other than God which will make him happy.”    ―      C.S. Lewis,  Mere Christianity
      “In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit.”    ―      Anne Frank,  The Diary of Anne Frank
      “For myself I am an optimist - it does not seem to be much use to be anything else.”    ―      Winston S. Churchill  
      “Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.”    ―      Mark Twain  
      “Since I was young, I have always known this: Life damages us, every one. We can’t escape that damage. But now, I am also learning this: We can be mended. We mend each other”    ―      Veronica Roth  
      “The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You...Be Free...Share.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “What a large volume of adventures may be grasped within the span of his little life by him who interests his heart in everything.”    ―      Laurence Sterne  
      “Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.”    ―      J.M. Barrie  
      “But remember, boy, that a kind act can sometimes be as powerful as a sword.”    ―      Rick Riordan,  The Battle of the Labyrinth
      “Do all the good you can,By all the means you can,In all the ways you can,In all the places you can,At all the times you can,To all the people you can,As long as ever you can.”    ―      John Wesley  
      “Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up.”    ―      Robert Frost  
      “If you are lazy, and accept your lot, you may live in it. If you are willing to work, you can write your name anywhere you choose.”    ―      Gene Stratton-Porter,  A Girl of the Limberlost
      “Getting something and having the wits to use it...those are two different things.”    ―      Rick Riordan,  The Battle of the Labyrinth
      “I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.”    ―      e.e. cummings  
      “A mathematical formula for happiness:Reality divided by Expectations.There were two ways to be happy:improve your reality or lower your expectations.”    ―      Jodi Picoult,  Nineteen Minutes
      “Oh the places you'll go! There is fun to be done! There are points to be scored. There are games to be won. And the magical things you can do with that ball will make you the winning-est winner of all.”    ―      Dr. Seuss,  Oh, The Places You’ll Go!
      “Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “The great thing to remember is that though our feelings come and go God's love for us does not.”    ―      C.S. Lewis  
      “We come spinning out of nothingness, scattering stars like dust.”    ―      Rumi  
      “Kindness is not a business. True kindness expects nothing in return and should never act with conditions.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.”    ―      G.K. Chesterton  
      “People don't realize how a man's whole life can be changed by one book.”    ―      Malcolm X  
      “Be melting snow.Wash yourself of yourself.”    ―      Rumi,  The Essential Rumi
      “You will never be able to escape from your heart. So it's better to listen to what it has to say.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist
      “If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “I never said it would be easy, I only said it would be worth it.”    ―      Mae West  
      “Government exists to protect us from each other. Where government has gone beyond its limits is in deciding to protect us from ourselves.”    ―      Ronald Reagan  
      “Of all creatures that breathe and move upon the earth, nothing is bred that is weaker than man.”    ―      Homer,  The Odyssey
      “We’re here, and then we’re gone, and it’s not about the time we’re here, but what we do with the time.”    ―      Rick Yancey,  The 5th Wave
      “The power of finding beauty in the humblest things makes home happy and life lovely.”    ―      Louisa May Alcott  
      “The rights of every man are diminished when the rights of one man are threatened.”    ―      John F. Kennedy  
      “Every blessing ignored becomes a curse.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist
      “There's more to life than dating the boy on the football team.”    ―      Taylor Swift  
      “You Are the Master of Your AttitudeYou cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “What's the world's greatest lie?... It's this: that at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what's happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate.”    ―      Paulo Coelho  
      “With all its sham, drudgery, and broken dreams,it is still a beautiful world.Be cheerful.Strive to be happy.”    ―      Max Ehrmann,  Desiderata: A Poem for a Way of Life
      “I have come home at last! This is my real country! I belong here. This is the land I have been looking for all my life, though I never knew it till now...Come further up, come further in!”    ―      C.S. Lewis,  The Last Battle
      “Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius — and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.”    ―      E.F. Schumacher  
      “How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world.”    ―      William Shakespeare,  The Merchant of Venice
      “No! Try not. Do, or do not. There is no try.”    ―      George Lucas,  The Star Wars Trilogy
      “A smile puts you on the right track. A smile makes the world a beautiful place. When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Never dull your shine for somebody else.”    ―      Tyra Banks  
      “You are in charge of your own happiness; you don't need to wait for other people's permission to be happy.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “My father had taught me to be nice first, because you can always be mean later, but once you've been mean to someone, they won't believe the nice anymore. So be nice, be nice, until it's time to stop being nice, then destroy them.”    ―      Laurell K. Hamilton,  A Stroke of Midnight
      “Everything's a risk. Not doing anything is a risk. It's up to you.”    ―      Nicola Yoon,  Everything, Everything
      “I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.”    ―      Martin Luther King Jr.  
      “One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star.”    ―      Friedrich Nietzsche  
      “Dare to love yourselfas if you were a rainbowwith gold at both ends.”    ―      Author-Poet Aberjhani,  Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry
      “Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.”    ―      Eleanor Roosevelt  
      “I have a dream that one day little black boys and girls will be holding hands with little white boys and girls.”    ―      Martin Luther King Jr.,  I Have a Dream
      “younot wanting mewasthe beginning of mewanting myselfthank you”    ―      Nayyirah Waheed  
      “Whenever something bad happens, keep calm, take a few deep breaths and shift the focus to something positive.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Behind every trial and sorrow that He makes us shoulder, God has a reason.”    ―      Khaled Hosseini,  A Thousand Splendid Suns
      “Oh, what a tangled web we weave...when first we practice to deceive.”    ―      Walter Scott,  Marmion
      “People say that eyes are windows to the soul.”    ―      Khaled Hosseini,  The Kite Runner
      “As my sufferings mounted I soon realized that there were two ways in which I could respond to my situation -- either to react with bitterness or seek to transform the suffering into a creative force. I decided to follow the latter course.”    ―      Martin Luther King Jr.  
      “It's the children the world almost breaks who grow up to save it.”    ―      Frank Warren  
      “Shallow men believe in luck or in circumstance. Strong men believe in cause and effect.”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson  
      “ما تبحث عنه يبحث عنك”    ―      جلال الدين الرومي  
      “No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.”    ―      Aesop  
      “We must live together as brothers or perish together as fools.”    ―      Martin Luther King Jr.  
      “You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence.”    ―      Eleanor Roosevelt,  The Autobiography of Eleanor Roosevelt
      “Don't think. Thinking is the enemy of creativity. It's self-conscious and anything self-conscious is lousy. You can't "try" to do things. You simply "must" do things.”    ―      Ray Bradbury  
      “The universe is big, its vast and complicated, and ridiculous. And sometimes, very rarely, impossible things just happen and we call them miracles. And that's the theory. Nine hundred years, never seen one yet, but this would do me.”    ―      Steven Moffat  
      “It was always the becoming he dreamed of, never the being.”    ―      F. Scott Fitzgerald,  This Side of Paradise
      “It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters,”    ―      Amit Ray,  Meditation: Insights and Inspirations
      “If you're horrible to me, I'm going to write a song about it, and you won't like it. That's how I operate.”    ―      Taylor Swift  
      “The love that moves the sun and the other stars.”    ―      Elizabeth Gilbert  
      “If you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.”    ―      Roald Dahl  
      “I do not care so much what I am to others as I care what I am to myself.”    ―      Michel de Montaigne   
      “There is no happiness like that of being loved by your fellow creatures, and feeling that your presence is an addition to their comfort.”    ―      Charlotte Brontë,  Jane Eyre
      “I'm unpredictable, I never know where I'm going until I get there, I'm so random, I'm always growing, learning, changing, I'm never the same person twice. But one thing you can be sure of about me; is I will always do exactly what I want to do.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “For beauty is nothing but the beginning of terrorwhich we are barely able to endure, and it amazes us so,because it serenely disdains to destroy us.Every angel is terrible.”    ―      Rainer Maria Rilke,  Duino Elegies
      “Things do not change; we change.”    ―      henry david thoreau,  Walden
      “A dream is a wish your heart makes, when you're fast asleep.”    ―      Walt Disney Company,  Cinderella
      “do not look for healingat the feet of thosewho broke you”    ―      Rupi Kaur,  Milk and Honey
      “Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees.”    ―      Victor Hugo  
      “Don't think about making life better for other people who don't even deserve you, rather, focus on making your life the best, for yourself and those who love you.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “The dog is a gentleman; I hope to go to his heaven not man's.”    ―      Mark Twain  
      “You are, after all, what you think. Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.”    ―      Elizabeth Gilbert,  Eat, Pray, Love: One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy, India and Indonesia
      “The best discoveries always happened to the people who weren't looking for them.”    ―      Morgan Matson,  Amy & Roger's Epic Detour
      “The easiest thing to be in the world is you. The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be. Don't let them put you in that position.”    ―      Leo Buscaglia  
      “Fake it 'till you make it.”    ―      Gayle Forman,  If I Stay
      “Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Being grateful does not mean that everything is necessarily good. It just means that you can accept it as a gift.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “No matter who you are, no matter what you did, no matter where you've come from, you can always change, become a better version of yourself.”    ―      Madonna  
      “Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn't learn a lot at least we learned a little, and if we didn't learn a little, at least we didn't get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn't die; so, let us all be thankful.”    ―      Buddha  
      “How would your life be different if…You walked away from gossip and verbal defamation? Let today be the day…You speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “But life is a battle: may we all be enabled to fight it well!”    ―      Charlotte Brontë,  The Letters of Charlotte Brontë
      “Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.”    ―      Charlie Chaplin  
      “Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible.”    ―      Albert Einstein  
      “Start a huge, foolish project, like Noah…it makes absolutely no difference what people think of you.”    ―      Rumi  
      “I sustain myself with the love of family.”    ―      Maya Angelou  
      “You may choose to look the other way but you can never say again that you did not know.”    ―      William Wilberforce  
      “What you are is God's gift to you, what you become is your gift to God.”    ―      Hans Urs von Balthasar,  Prayer
      “Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something and has lost something.”    ―      H. Jackson Brown  
      “When you see a good person, think of becoming like her/him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.”    ―      Confucius  
      “Amor Fati – “Love Your Fate”, which is in fact your life.”    ―      Friedrich Nietzsche  
      “Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.”    ―      Winston S. Churchill  
      “You must take life the way it comes at you and make the best of it.”    ―      Yann Martel,  Life of Pi
      “A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is brave five minutes longer.”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson  
      “All The Woulda-Coulda-ShouldasLayin' In The Sun,Talkin' 'Bout The ThingsThey Woulda-Coulda-Shoulda Done...But All Those Woulda-Coulda-ShouldasAll Ran Away And HidFrom One Little Did.”    ―      Shel Silverstein  
      “Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson,  Emerson in His Journals
      “We all need to be mocked from time to time, lest we take ourselves too seriously.”    ―      George R.R. Martin  
      “Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.”    ―      Abraham Lincoln  
      “Life is funny. Things change, people change, but you will always be you, so stay true to yourself and never sacrifice who you are for anyone.”    ―      Zayn Malik  
      “I heard a definition once: Happiness is health and a short memory! I wish I'd invented it, because it is very true.”    ―      Audrey Hepburn  
      “Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “If a problem is fixable, if a situation is such that you can do something about it, then there is no need to worry. If it's not fixable, then there is no help in worrying. There is no benefit in worrying whatsoever.”    ―      Dalai Lama XIV  
      “Dripping water hollows out stone, not through force but through persistence.”    ―      Ovid  
      “We are like sculptors, constantly carving out of others the image we long for, need, love or desire, often against reality, against their benefit, and always, in the end, a disappointment, because it does not fit them.”    ―      Anais Nin  
      “Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Art is the proper task of life. ”    ―      Friedrich Nietzsche   
      “The tears of the world are a constant quantity. For each one who begins to weep somewhere else another stops. The same is true of the laugh.”    ―      Samuel Beckett,  Waiting for Godot
      “The universe is made of stories, not of atoms.”    ―      Muriel Rukeyser  
      “The most important decision you make is to be in a good mood.”    ―      Voltaire  
      “I am seeking, I am striving, I am in it with all my heart.”    ―      Vincent van Gogh  
      “I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, "aw shit, he's up!”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “Adapt what is useful, reject what is useless, and add what is specifically your own.”    ―      Bruce Lee  
      “Life doesn’t get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “All I can be is me- whoever that is. ”    ―      Bob Dylan  
      “I trust that everything happens for a reason, even if we are not wise enough to see it.”    ―      Oprah Winfrey  
      “Seindah apa pun huruf terukir, dapatkah ia bermakna apabila tak ada jeda? Dapatkan ia dimengerti jika tak ada spasi? Bukankah kita baru bisa bergerak jika ada jarak? Dan saling menyayang bila ada ruang?”    ―      dee,  Filosofi Kopi: Kumpulan Cerita dan Prosa Satu Dekade
      “Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.”    ―      Lucius Annaeus Seneca  
      “I've had a lot of worries in my life, most of which never happened.”    ―      Mark Twain  
      “I am a happy camper so I guess I’m doing something right. Happiness is like a butterfly; the more you chase it, the more it will elude you, but if you turn your attention to other things, it will come and sit softly on your shoulder.”    ―      J. Richard Lessor  
      “If you dont have any shadows you're not in the light”    ―      Lady Gaga  
      “Without leaps of imagination or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all is a form of planning.”    ―      Gloria Steinem  
      “You are not the victim of the world, but rather the master of your own destiny. It is your choices and decisions that determine your destiny.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, it's at the end of your arm, as you get older, remember you have another hand: The first is to help yourself, the second is to help others.”    ―      Sam Levenson  
      “In the end, you have to choose whether or not to trust someone.”    ―      Sophie Kinsella,  Shopaholic & Baby
      “The fishermen know that the sea is dangerous and the storm terrible, but they have never found these dangers sufficient reason for remaining ashore.”    ―      Vincent Van Gogh  
      “There's nothing wrong with you. There's a lot wrong with the world you live in. And definitely get out of high school and make everyone sorry.”    ―      Chris Colfer  
      “My task, which I am trying to achieve is, by the power of the written word, to make you hear, to make you feel--it is, before all, to make you see.”    ―      Joseph Conrad,  Lord Jim
      “So many things are possible as long as you don't know they are impossible.”    ―      Mildred D. Taylor,  The Land
      “Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death.”    ―      ANAIS NIN  
      “I read somewhere... how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong, but to feel strong... to measure yourself at least once.”    ―      Jon Krakauer,  Into the Wild
      “If you start by promising what you don't even have yet, you'll lose your desire to work towards getting it.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist
      “You save yourself or you remain unsaved.”    ―      Alice Sebold  
      “To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.”    ―      Emily Dickinson  
      “Music is the literature of the heart; it commences where speech ends.”    ―      Alphonse de Lamartine  
      “Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense.”    ―      Buddha Siddhartha Guatama Shakyamuni  
      “You're never given a dream without also being given the power to make it true.”    ―      Richard Bach,  Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah
      “I'll think of it tomorrow, at Tara. I can stand it then. Tomorrow, I'll think of some way to get him back. After all, tomorrow is another day.”    ―      Margaret Mitchell,  Gone with the Wind
      “Being brave is when you have to do something because you know it is right, but at the same time, you are afraid to do it, because it might hurt or whatever. But you do it anyway.”    ―      Meg Cabot,  All-American Girl
      “Not knowing you can't do something, is sometimes all it takes to do it.”    ―      Ally Carter  
      “But still, I find the need to remind myself of the temporariness of a day, to reassure myself that I got through yesterday, I'll get through today.”    ―      Gayle Forman ,  Where She Went
      “Real magic can never be made by offering someone else's liver. You must tear out your own, and not expect to get it back.”    ―      Peter S. Beagle,  The Last Unicorn
      “No life is a waste," the Blue Man said. "The only time we waste is the time we spend thinking we're alone.”    ―      Mitch Albom  
      “In the end you can't always choose what to keep. You can only choose how you let it go.”    ―      Ally Condie,  Crossed
      “There are two kinds of teachers: the kind that fill you with so much quail shot that you can't move, and the kind that just gives you a little prod behind and you jump to the skies.”    ―      Robert Frost  
      “A smart person knows how to talk. A wise person knows when to be silent.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it, sauté it, whatever. MAKE.”    ―      Joss Whedon  
      “Well done is better than well said.”    ―      Benjamin Franklin  
      “Weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless.”    ―      Bill Watterson  
      “Fear doesn't shut you down; it wakes you up. I've seen it. It's fascinating." He releases me but doesn't pull away, his hand grazing my jaw, my neck. "Sometimes I just...want to see it again. Want to see you awake.”    ―      Veronica Roth,  Divergent
      “It's not enough to be nice in life. You've got to have nerve.”    ―      Georgia O'Keeffe  
      “That which God said to the rose, and caused it to laugh in full-blown beauty, He said to my heart, and made it a hundred times more beautiful.”    ―      Rumi  
      “The strength of a woman is not measured by the impact that all her hardships in life have had on her; but the strength of a woman is measured by the extent of her refusal to allow those hardships to dictate her and who she becomes.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands, and then work outward from there.”    ―      Robert M. Pirsig,  Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values
      “Only he who attempts the absurd is capable of achieving the impossible.”    ―      Miguel de Unamuno  
      “When I was growing up I always wanted to be someone. Now I realize I should have been more specific.”    ―      Lily Tomlin  
      “No man chooses evil because it is evil; he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks.”    ―      Mary Shelley  
      “You are willing to die, you coward, but not to live.”    ―      Herman Hesse,  Steppenwolf
      “If you don’t give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “The stupid neither forgive nor forget; the naive forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget.”    ―      Thomas Szasz  
      “I remembered the fox. One runs the risk of crying a bit if one allows oneself to be tamed.”    ―      Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,  The Little Prince
      “Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.”    ―      Anonymous,  The Holy Bible: King James Version
      “It [feminism] is mixed up with a muddled idea that women are free when they serve their employers but slaves when they help their husbands.”    ―      G.K. Chesterton  
      “Everything will turn out right, the world is built on that.”    ―      Mikhail Bulgakov,  The Master and Margarita
      “Remember tonight... for it is the beginning of always”    ―      Dante  
      “Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.”    ―      Vincent Van Gogh  
      “What is now proved was once only imagined.”    ―      William Blake  
      “Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.”    ―      Theodore Roosevelt  
      “My happiness is not the means to any end. It is the end. It is its own goal. It is its own purpose.”    ―      Ayn Rand,  Anthem
      “Life's great happiness is to be convinced we are loved.”    ―      Victor Hugo,  Les Misérables
      “Start by doing what is necessary, then what is possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible.”    ―      St. Francis Of Assisi  
      “Get up, stand up, Stand up for your rights. Get up, stand up, Don't give up the fight.”    ―      Bob Marley,  Bob Marley - Legend
      “He is free to evade reality, he is free to unfocus his mind and stumble blindly down any road he pleases, but not free to avoid the abyss he refuses to see.”    ―      Ayn Rand   
      “When you hold a grudge, you want someone else’s sorrow to reflect your level of hurt but the two rarely meet.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “You become what you think about all day long.”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson  
      “Focus on your goals, not your fear. Focus like a laser beam on your goals.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.”    ―      Thomas A. Edison  
      “A Woman in harmony with her spirit is like a river flowing.She goes where she will without pretense and arrives at her destination prepared to be herself and only herself ”    ―      Maya Angelou  
      “Even if things don't unfold the way you expected, don't be disheartened or give up. One who continues to advance will win in the end.”    ―      Daisaku Ikeda  
      “The place where you made your stand never mattered. Only that you were there...and still on your feet.”    ―      Stephen King,  The Stand
      “I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right.”    ―      Muhammad Ali Jinnah  
      “Sit in a room and read--and read and read. And read the right books by the right people. Your mind is brought onto that level, and you have a nice, mild, slow-burning rapture all the time.”    ―      Joseph Campbell,  The Power of Myth
      “A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.”    ―      Antoine de Saint-Exupery,  The Little Prince
      “Be the positive impact on the lives of others.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Never let hard lessons harden your heart; the hard lessons of life are meant to make you better, not bitter.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.”    ―      Albert Einstein  
      “Don't confuse poor decision-making with destiny. Own your mistakes. It’s ok; we all make them. Learn from them so they can empower you!”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “It's not about how to achieve your dreams, it's about how to lead your life, ... If you lead your life the right way, the karma will take care of itself, the dreams will come to you.”    ―      Randy Pausch,  The Last Lecture
      “Go and make interesting mistakes, make amazing mistakes, make glorious and fantastic mistakes. Break rules. Leave the world more interesting for your being here.”    ―      Neil Gaiman,  Make Good Art
      “Wasn't that the point of the book? For women to realize, We are just two people. Not that much separates us. Not nearly as much as I'd thought.”    ―      Kathryn Stockett,  The Help
      “Life is a gift. Don't forget to live it.”    ―      Nicola Yoon,  Everything, Everything
      “I don't paint dreams or nightmares, I paint my own reality.”    ―      Frida Kahlo  
      “Surround yourself only with people who are going to take you higher.”    ―      Oprah Winfrey  
      “I just hope I remember to tell my kids that they are as happy as I look in my old photographs. And I hope that they believe me.”    ―      Stephen Chbosky,  The Perks of Being a Wallflower
      “Maktub" (It is written.)”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist
      “Sometimes I think my head is so big because it is so full of dreams”    ―      R.J. Palacio,  Wonder
      “The Reality of The Other Person Lies Not In What He Reveals To You, But What He Cannot Reveal To You.Therefore, If You Would Understand Him, Listen Not To What He Says, But Rather To What He Does Not Say.”    ―      Kahlil Gibran  
      “Instead of cursing the darkness, light a candle.”    ―      Ben Franklin  
      “Envy is ignorance, Imitation is Suicide.”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson,  Self-Reliance
      “Heaven can be found in the most unlikely corners.”    ―      Mitch Albom,  The Five People You Meet in Heaven - Meniti Bianglala
      “We've all started to put down the virtues of the other factions in the process of bolstering our own. I don't want to do that. I want to be brave, and selfless, and smart, and kind, and honest." He clears his throat. "I continually struggle with kindness.”    ―      Veronica Roth,  Divergent
      “Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, and doing as you say you would do.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Though the road's been rocky it sure feels good to me.”    ―      Bob Marley  
      “I'm not saying I'm gonna change the world, but I guarantee that I will spark the brain that will change the world.”    ―      Tupac Shakur  
      “To the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world.”    ―      Bill Wilson  
      “Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “It's worth making time to find the things that really stir your soul. That’s what makes you really feel alive. You have to say ‘no’ to other things you’re used to, and do it with all your heart.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.”    ―      Nelson Mandela  
      “The duty of youth is to challenge corruption.”    ―      Kurt Cobain  
      “We are saved by faith alone, but the faith that saves is never alone.”    ―      Martin Luther  
      “No, this is not the beginning of a new chapter in my life; this is the beginning of a new book! That first book is already closed, ended, and tossed into the seas; this new book is newly opened, has just begun! Look, it is the first page! And it is a beautiful one!”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “Dreams don't work unless you take action. The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Life begins on the other side of despair.”    ―      Jean-Paul Sartre  
      “Feet, what do I need them forIf I have wings to fly.”    ―      Frida Kahlo  
      “Don’t only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.”    ―      Ludwig van Beethoven  
      “The best relationships in our lives are the best not because they have been the happiest ones, they are that way because they have stayed strong through the most tormentful of storms.”    ―      Pandora Poikilos,  Excuse Me, My Brains Have Stepped Out
      “I am always doing what I cannot do yet, in order to learn how to do it.”    ―      Vincent Van Gogh  
      “You can't become a decent horseman until you fall off and get up again, a good number of times.  There's life in a nutshell.”    ―      Bear Grylls,  Mud, Sweat and Tears
      “We cannot be sure of having something to live for unless we are willing to die for it.”    ―      Che Guevara  
      “They laugh at me because I'm different; I laugh at them because they're all the same.”    ―      Kurt Cobain  
      “Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.”    ―      Gerard Way  
      “Think, Believe, Dream, and Dare.”    ―      Walt Disney  
      “When you look for a man- what you want to look for is a man with the heart of a poor boy and the mind of a conqueror.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “You don’t have to like someone, but you have to treat them as you wish to be treated.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “If you don't know who you truly are, you'll never know what you really want.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it...Don't allow his anger to become your anger.”    ―      Bohdi Sanders,  Warrior Wisdom: Ageless Wisdom for the Modern Warrior
      “So early in my life, I had learned that if you want something, you had better make some noise.”    ―      Malcolm X,  The Autobiography Of Malcolm X
      “Try again. Fail again. Fail better.”    ―      Samuel Beckett  
      “You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.”    ―      Jason Mraz  
      “You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible.”    ―      Deepak Chopra  
      “Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars, to change the world.”    ―      Harriet Tubman  
      “The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are.”    ―      Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations
      “Learning to distance yourself from all the negativity is one of the greatest lessons to achieve inner peace.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.”    ―      Napoleon Hill,  Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century
      “I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.”    ―      anaïs nin  
      “Some things cannot be taught; they must be experienced. You never learn the most valuable lessons in life until you go through your own journey.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.”    ―      Henry David Thoreau,  I to Myself: An Annotated Selection from the Journal of Henry D. Thoreau
      “As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.”    ―      Seneca  
      “If you want to build a ship, don’t drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work, and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea.”    ―      Antoine de Saint-Exupéry  
      “It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.”    ―      Harry S. Truman  
      “The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.”    ―      Emily Dickinson  
      “See, as much as you want to hold on to the bitter sore memory that someone has left this world, you are still in it”    ―      Jodi Picoult,  My Sister's Keeper
      “Darling, when things go wrong in life, you lift your chin, put on a ravishing smile, mix yourself a little cocktail...”    ―      Sophie Kinsella  
      “If my mind can conceive it, and my heart can believe it - then I can achieve it.”    ―      Muhammad Ali,  The Soul of a Butterfly: Reflections on Life's Journey
      “Congratulations!Today is your day.You're off to Great Places!You're off and away!”    ―      Dr. Seuss,  Oh, the Places You'll Go!
      “A creative life cannot be sustained by approval any more than it can be destroyed by criticism.”    ―      Will Self  
      “Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “The greatest ideas are the simplest.”    ―      William Golding,  Lord of the Flies
      “It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “My name is Celaena Sardothien," she whispered, "and I will not be afraid.”    ―      Sarah J. Maas,  The Assassin's Blade
      “When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Know thyself.”    ―      Socrates  
      “Do you really want to be happy? You can begin by being appreciative of who you are and what you've got.”    ―      Benjamin Hoff,  The Tao of Pooh
      “Bermimpilah, karena Tuhan akan memeluk mimpi-mimpi itu.”    ―      Andrea Hirata,  Sang Pemimpi
      “I didn't come here of my own accord, and I can't leave that way.Whoever brought me here will have to take me home.”    ―      Rumi  
      “The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice.”    ―      Theodore Parker  
      “We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.”    ―      Marcel Proust  
      “Until you step into the unknown, you don’t know what you’re made of.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “The truth knocks on the door and you say, "Go away, I'm looking for the truth," and so it goes away. Puzzling.”    ―      Robert M. Pirsig,  Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values
      “I would rather make mistakes in kindness and compassion than work miracles in unkindness and hardness.”    ―      Mother Teresa,  A Gift for God: Prayers and Meditations
      “He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying. ”    ―      Friedrich Nietzsche  
      “I’ve come to the conclusion that people who wear headphones while they walk, are much happier, more confident, and more beautiful individuals than someone making the solitary drudge to work without acknowledging their own interests and power.”    ―      Jason Mraz  
      “And if my heart be scarred and burned,The safer, I, for all I learned.”    ―      Dorothy Parker,  Sunset Gun: Poems
      “I know because I read...Your mind is not a cage. It's a garden. And it requires cultivating.”    ―      Libba Bray  
      “It is the possibility that keeps me going, and though you may call me a dreamer or a fool or any other thing, I believe that anything is possible.”    ―      Nicholas Sparks  
      “I offer you peace. I offer you love. I offer you friendship. I see your beauty. I hear your need. I feel your feelings.”    ―      Mahatma Gandhi  
      “Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
      “Talent is helpful in writing, but guts are absolutely essential.”    ―      Jessamyn West  
      “I've been lucky. Opportunities don't often come along. So, when they do, you have to grab them.”    ―      Audrey Hepburn  
      “Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Nothing makes a person happier than having a happy heart.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Somehow, we'll find it. The balance between whom we wish to be and whom we need to be. But for now, we simply have to be satisfied with who we are.”    ―      Brandon Sanderson,  The Hero of Ages
      “the time is always right to do the right thing”    ―      Martin Luther King Jr.  
      “People have only as much liberty as they have the intelligence to want and the courage to take.”    ―      Emma Goldman  
      “I'm going to paraphrase Thoreau here... rather than love, than money, than faith, than fame, than fairness... give me truth. ”    ―      Jon Krakauer,  Into the Wild
      “Do you know what you are?You are a manuscript oƒ a divine letter.You are a mirror reflecting a noble face. This universe is not outside of you. Look inside yourself;everything that you want, you are already that.”    ―      Rumi,  Hush, Don't Say Anything to God: Passionate Poems of Rumi
      “Somebody has to start. Somebody has to step forward and do what is right, because it is right.”    ―      Brandon Sanderson,  The Way of Kings
      “The place God calls you to is the place where your deep gladness and the world’s deep hunger meet.”    ―      Frederick Buechner,  Wishful Thinking: A Theological ABC
      “It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Happiness cannot be pursued; it must ensue.”    ―      Viktor E. Frankl,  Man's Search for Meaning
      “Hate looks like everybody else until it smiles”    ―      Tahereh Mafi   
      “You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future.”    ―      Steve Jobs  
      “You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.”    ―      Oprah Winfrey  
      “Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today.”    ―      Thich Nhat Hanh,  Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life
      “The world is so empty if one thinks only of mountains, rivers & cities; but to know someone who thinks & feels with us, & who, though distant, is close to us in spirit, this makes the earth for us an inhabited garden.”    ―      Goethe  
      “Words save our lives, sometimes.”    ―      Neil Gaiman,  The Ocean at the End of the Lane
      “What you stay focused on will grow.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “She lacks confidence, she craves admiration insatiably. She lives on the reflections of herself in the eyes of others. She does not dare to be herself.”    ―      Anaïs Nin  
      “Be soft. Do not let the world make you hard. Do not let the pain make you hate. Do not let the bitterness steal your sweetness. Take pride that even though the rest of the world may disagree, you still believe it to be a beautiful place”    ―      Iain Thomas,  I Wrote This For You
      “Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Re-examine all you have been told. Dismiss what insults your soul.”    ―      Walt Whitman  
      “Self-respect is the root of discipline: The sense of dignity growswith the ability to say no to oneself.”    ―      Abraham Joshua Heschel  
      “Don't live down to expectations. Go out there and do something remarkable.”    ―      Wendy Wasserstein  
      “Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.”    ―      Mother Teresa  
      “The only limits for tomorrow are the doubts we have today.”    ―      Pittacus Lore,  The Power of Six
      “Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “If we ever forget that we're one nation under God, then we will be one nation gone under.”    ―      Ronald Reagan  
      “Friendship with oneself is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.”    ―      Eleanor Roosevelt  
      “It doesn’t matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “What would you do if you weren't afraid?”    ―      Sheryl Sandberg,  Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead
      “Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape. ”    ―      William S. Burroughs  
      “I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.”    ―      Pablo Picasso  
      “You come of the Lord Adam and the Lady Eve," said Aslan. "And that is both honour enough to erect the head of the poorest beggar, and shame enough to bow the shoulders of the greatest emperor on earth. Be content.”    ―      C.S. Lewis,  Prince Caspian
      “Your sacred space is where you can find yourself over and over again.”    ―      Joseph Campbell  
      “Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.”    ―      Johann Wolfgang von Goethe  
      “The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain!”    ―      Dolly Parton  
      “We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started.”    ―      Henry Ward Beecher  
      “If we all did the things we are really capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.”    ―      Thomas A. Edison  
      “You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Before, I wanted to say: "I found love!" But now, I want to say: "I found a person. And he belongs to me and I belong to him.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “Be silent and safe — silence never betrays you; Be true to your word and your work and your friend; Put least trust in him who is foremost to praise you,Nor judge of a road till it draw to the end.”    ―      John Boyle O'Reilly,  Life of John Boyle O'Reilly
      “I don't fit into any stereotypes. And I like myself that way.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “Maybe this is why we read, and why in moments of darkness we return to books: to find words for what we already know.”    ―      Alberto Manguel,  A Reading Diary: A Passionate Reader's Reflections on a Year of Books
      “It is truth that liberates, not your effort to be free.”    ―      Jiddu Krishnamurti,  The First and Last Freedom
      “Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.”    ―      Reinhold Niebuhr  
      “If a man is to shed the light of the sun upon other men, he must first of all have it within himself.”    ―      Romain Rolland  
      “The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.”    ―      Rabindranath Tagore  
      “Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Ruin is a gift. Ruin is the road to transformation.”    ―      Elizabeth Gilbert,  Eat, Pray, Love: One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy, India and Indonesia
      “It was like the beginning of life and laughter. It was the real meaning of the sun”    ―      Charles Bukowski,  Factotum
      “Faith is the bird that feels the light and sings when the dawn is still dark.”    ―      Rabindranath Tagore  
      “I have no right to say or do anything that diminishes a man in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him but what he thinks of himself. Hurting a man in his dignity is a crime.”    ―      Antoine de Saint-Exupéry  
      “The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “All great achievements require time.”    ―      Maya Angelou  
      “Have regular hours for work and play; make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.”    ―      Louisa May Alcott,  Little Women
      “...Next time you're faced with a choice, do the right thing. It hurts everyone less in the long run.”    ―      Wendelin Van Draanen,  Flipped
      “To write well, express yourself like the common people, but think like a wise man.”    ―      Aristotle  
      “Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time.”    ―      John Lubbock,  The Use Of Life
      “Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “The most important step a man can take. It's not the first one, is it? It's the next one. Always the next step, Dalinar.”    ―      Brandon Sanderson,  Oathbringer
      “Done is better than perfect.”    ―      Sheryl Sandberg,  Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead
      “Enjoy every step you take. If you're curious, there is always something new to be discovered in the backdrop of your daily life.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Good things happen in your life when you surround yourself with positive people.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Do not dare not to dare.”    ―      C.S. Lewis,  The Horse and His Boy
      “Stay hungry. Stay foolish.”    ―      Steve Jobs  
      “Believe there is a great power silently working all things for good, behave yourself and never mind the rest.”    ―      Beatrix Potter  
      “If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same, then everything that happens in between can be dealt with.”    ―      Michael  Jackson  
      “It is worse to stay where one does not belong at all than to wander about lost for a while and looking for the psychic and soulful kinship one requires”    ―      Clarissa Pinkola Estés,  Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype
      “Step follows step,Hope follows Courage,Set your face towards danger,Set your heart on victory.”    ―      Gail Carson Levine,  The Two Princesses of Bamarre
      “I think that one of these days," he said, "you're going to have to find out where you want to go. And then you've got to start going there. But immediately. You can't afford to lose a minute. Not you.”    ―      J.D. Salinger,  The Catcher in the Rye
      “It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.”    ―      Bruce Lee  
      “Nothing's perfect, the world's not perfect. But it's there for us, trying the best it can; that's what makes it so damn beautiful.”    ―      Hiromu Arakawa,  Fullmetal Alchemist, Vol. 1
      “Instead of committing suicide, people go to work.”    ―      Thomas Bernhard,  Correction
      “If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.”    ―      Jim Rohn  
      “I hate to say it, but shit really does happen. You just have to get over it. Beat the hell out of it by doing things that make you happy.”    ―      J.A. Redmerski,  The Edge of Never
      “When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “If you give up what you want most for what you think you should want more, you'll end up miserable.”    ―      Brandon Sanderson,  The Hero of Ages
      “You can love a person dear to you with a human love, but an enemy can only be loved with divine love.”    ―      Leo Tolstoy,  War and Peace
      “Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Pointing to another world will never stop vice among us; shedding light over this world can alone help us.”    ―      Walt Whitman  
      “The minute I stopped trying to find the right girl, and started trying to become the right guy...the girl came.”    ―      Jonathan Antin  
      “I don't want to live in the kind of world where we don't look out for each other. Not just the people that are close to us, but anybody who needs a helping hand. I cant change the way anybody else thinks, or what they choose to do, but I can do my bit.”    ―      charles de lint  
      “Love is too precious to be ashamed of.”    ―      Laurell K. Hamilton,  A Stroke of Midnight
      “You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “You will never follow your own inner voice until you clear up the doubts in your mind.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “So long as you fight the darkness, you stand in the light.”    ―      Sabaa Tahir,  A Torch Against the Night
      “Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.”    ―      Albert Schweitzer  
      “Reality is wrong. Dreams are for the real.”    ―      Tupac Shakur  
      “Never, ever, let anyone tell you what you can and can't do. Prove the cynics wrong. Pity them for they have no imagination. The sky's the limit. Your sky. Your limit. Now. Let's dance.”    ―      Tom Hiddleston  
      “Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for.”    ―      Socrates  
      “Some people could look at a mud puddle and see an ocean with ships.”    ―      Zora Neale Hurston,  Their Eyes Were Watching God
      “Everyone enjoys being acknowledged and appreciated. Sometimes even the simplest act of gratitude can change someone's entire day. Take the time to recognize and value the people around you and appreciate those who make a difference in your lives.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Your time is way too valuable to be wasting on people that can't accept who you are.”    ―      Turcois Ominek  
      “Love. Fall in love and stay in love. Write only what you love, and love what you write. The word is love. You have to get up in the morning and write something you love, something to live for.”    ―      Ray Bradbury  
      “The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Nothing will work unless you do.”    ―      Maya Angelou  
      “If you haven’t the strength to impose your own terms upon life, then you must accept the terms it offers you.”    ―      T.S. Eliot  
      “We are all worms, But I do believe that I am a glow worm.”    ―      Winston S. Churchill,  Never Give In!: The Best of Winston Churchill's Speeches
      “Drink your tea slowly and reverently, as if it is the axis on which the world earth revolves - slowly, evenly, without rushing toward the future.”    ―      Thich Nhat Hanh  
      “Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “...there ain't no journey what don't change you some.”    ―      David Mitchell,  Cloud Atlas
      “Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget who you are.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't.”    ―      Thomas Edison  
      “The pure present is an ungraspable advance of the past devouring the future. In truth, all sensation is already memory.”    ―      Henri Bergson,  Matter and Memory
      “When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.”    ―      Wayne W. Dyer  
      “I want to thank you, Lord, for life and all that's in it. Thank you for the day and for the hour, and the minute. ”    ―      Maya Angelou  
      “Be a lamp, or a lifeboat, or a ladder. Help someone's soul heal. Walk out of your house like a shepherd.”    ―      Rumi  
      “Looking at beauty in the world, is the first step of purifying the mind.”    ―      Amit Ray,  Meditation: Insights and Inspirations
      “Stop feeling sorry for yourself and you will be happy.”    ―      Stephen Fry  
      “Mr. Franz, I think careers are a 20th century invention and I don't want one.”    ―      Jon Krakauer,  Into the Wild
      “She had become accustomed to being lonely. She was used to walking alone and to being considered 'different.' She did not suffer too much.”    ―      Betty  Smith,  A Tree Grows in Brooklyn
      “Death, therefore, the most awful of evils, is nothing to us, seeing that, when we are, death is not come, and, when death is come, we are not.”    ―      Epicurus  
      “It doesn't matter if a million people tell you what you can't do, or if ten million tell you no. If you get one yes from God that's all you need.”    ―      Tyler Perry  
      “Sometimes you can see things happen right in front of your eyes and still jump to the wrong conclusions.”    ―      Jodi Picoult,  Keeping Faith
      “Things die. But they don't always stay dead. Believe me, I know.”    ―      Richelle Mead,  Frostbite
      “Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Beauty is about being comfortable in your own skin. It's about knowing and accepting who you are.”    ―      Ellen DeGeneres,  Seriously... I'm Kidding
      “Ónen i-estel edain, ú-chebin estel anim.(I gave Hope to the Dúnedain, I have kept none for myself.)(Gilraen's linnod)”    ―      J.R.R. Tolkien,  The Return of the King
      “When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden.”    ―      Cormac McCarthy,  The Road
      “I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion'.”    ―      Muhammad Ali  
      “How much time he gains who does not look to see what his neighbour says or does or thinks, but only at what he does himself, to make it just and holy.”    ―      Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations
      “It is not the failure of others to appreciate your abilities that should trouble you, but rather your failure to appreciate theirs.”    ―      Confucius  
      “Conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the truth.[Verse 223]”    ―      Siddhārtha Gautama,  The Dhammapada
      “Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.”    ―      Vince Lombardi  
      “Each person deserves a day away in which no problems are confronted, no solutions searched for.”    ―      Maya Angelou,  Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now
      “Education is teaching our children to desire the right things.”    ―      Plato  
      “It only takes a split second to smile and forget, yet to someone that needed it, it can last a lifetime.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can’t see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don’t even know.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “In prayer it is better to have a heart without words than words without a heart. ”    ―      John Bunyan  
      “Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. Your really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.”    ―      Lucille Ball  
      “To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it.”    ―      Charlie Chaplin  
      “Successful people have no fear of failure. But unsuccessful people do. Successful people have the resilience to face up to failure—learn the lessons and adapt from it.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.”    ―      Frank Lloyd Wright,  Truth Against the World: Frank Lloyd Wright Speaks for an Organic Architecture
      “Fair means everyone gets what they need. And the only way to get what you need is to make it happen yourself.”    ―      Rick Riordan,  The Red Pyramid
      “We can't choose our fate, but we can choose others. Be careful in knowing that.”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
      “God turns you from one feeling to another and teaches by means of opposites so that you will have two wings to fly, not one”    ―      Rumi,  The Essential Rumi
      “If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome."[Meditations Divine and Moral]”    ―      Anne Bradstreet,  The Works of Anne Bradstreet
      “Ask yourself these three questions, Tatiana Metanova, and you will know who you are. Ask: What do believe in? What do you hope for? What do you love?”    ―      Paullina Simons,  The Bronze Horseman
      “What other people think and say about you is none of your business. The most destructive thing you would ever do is to believe someone else's opinion of you. You have to stop letting other people's opinions control you.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Would you rather live one perfect day over and over or live your life with no perfect days but just decent ones?”    ―      Jenny Han,  The Summer I Turned Pretty
      “No. Don't give up hope just yet. It's the last thing to go. When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.”    ―      Pittacus Lore,  I Am Number Four
      “The only difference between you and God is that you have forgotten you are divine.”    ―      Dan Brown,  The Lost Symbol
      “This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.”    ―      Dalai Lama XIV,  The Dalai Lama: A Policy of Kindness: An Anthology of Writings By and About the Dalai Lama
      “Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “Scars are just another kind of memory.”    ―      M.L. Stedman,  The Light Between Oceans
      “She was a beautiful dreamer. The kind of girl, who kept her head in the clouds, loved above the stars and left regret beneath the earth she walked on.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “You need to find a way to live your life, that it doesn't make a mockery of your values.”    ―      Bill Ayers  
      “Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.”    ―      Lyndon B. Johnson  
      “To care about your outward appearance is important, but what’s more important is to have a beautiful soul.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “In times of stress, the best thing we can do for each other is to listen with our ears and our hearts and to be assured that our questions are just as important as our answers.”    ―      Fred Rogers,  The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember
      “Every morning when I wake up, I experience an exquisite joy —the joy of being Salvador Dalí— and I ask myself in rapture: What wonderful things is this Salvador Dalí going to accomplish today?”    ―      Salvador Dalí  
      “He not busy being born is busy dying.”    ―      Bob Dylan  
      “It doesn't matter how many people you meet in your life; you just need the real ones who accept you for who you are and help you become who you should be.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “A dead thing can go with the stream, but only a living thing can go against it.”    ―      G.K. Chesterton,  The Everlasting Man
      “Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.”    ―      Richard Bach,  Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah
      “But beauty is about finding the right fit, the most natural fit, To be perfect, you have to feel perfect about yourself --- avoid trying to be something you're not. For a goddess, that's especially hard. We can change so easily.-Aphrodite”    ―      Rick Riordan,  The Lost Hero
      “Don't limit a child to your own learning, for she was born in another time.”    ―      Rabindranath Tagore  
      “We are afraid of losing what we have, whether it's our life or our possessions and property. But this fear evaporates when we understand that our life stories and the history of the world were written by the same hand.”    ―      Paulo Coelho  
      “A man who does not think for himself does not think at all.”    ―      Oscar Wilde  
      “My heart might be bruised, but it will recover and become capable of seeing beauty of life once more. It's happened before, it will happen again, I'm sure. When someone leaves, it's because someone else is about to arrive--I'll find love again.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  The Zahir
      “One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Pegang tanganku, tapi jangan terlalu erat, karena aku ingin seiring dan bukan digiring.(Spasi)”    ―      Dee,  Filosofi Kopi: Kumpulan Cerita dan Prosa Satu Dekade
      “Life is wasted on the living.”    ―      Douglas Adams,  The Restaurant at the End of the Universe
      “Love the trees until their leaves fall off, then encourage them to try again next year.”    ―      Chad Sugg  
      “If you have to dry the dishes (Such an awful boring chore)If you have to dry the dishes('Stead of going to the store)If you have to dry the dishesAnd you drop one on the floorMaybe they won't let youDry the dishes anymore”    ―      Shel Silverstein,  A Light in the Attic
      “The doubters said, "Man can not fly," The doers said, "Maybe, but we'll try," And finally soared In the morning glow While non-believers Watched from below.”    ―      Bruce Lee  
      “Associate Yourself with People Who Think Positively: Associate yourself with people who think positively. You cannot surround yourself with negative people and expect positive outcomes.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “All men want, not something to do with, but something to do, or rather something to be.”    ―      Henry David Thoreau,  Walden
      “I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble.”    ―      Helen Keller  
      “The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human can alter his life by altering his attitude.”    ―      William James  
      “To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “If you can't run, you crawl. If you can't crawl-- you find someone to carry you.”    ―      Joss Whedon  
      “It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.”    ―      Eckhart Tolle,  The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment
      “If you care about what you do and work hard at it, there isn't anything you can't do if you want to.”    ―      Jim Henson,  It's Not Easy Being Green: And Other Things to Consider
      “Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death.”    ―      Albert Einstein  
      “Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time, who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done, if we are always doing.”    ―      Thomas Jefferson,  Letters of Thomas Jefferson
      “Sometimes, as we're stumbling along in the dark, we hit something good.”    ―      Susan Ee,  Angelfall
      “Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.”    ―      Jim Henson  
      “We all have two lives. The second one starts when we realize that we only have one.”    ―      Tom Hiddleston  
      “Children betrayed their parents by becoming their own people.”    ―      Leslye Walton,  The Strange and Beautiful  Sorrows of Ava Lavender
      “If they don't like you for being yourself, be yourself even more.”    ―      Taylor Swift  
      “You can't outwit fate by standing on the sidelines placing little sidebets about the outcome of life. either you wade in and risk everything you have to play the game or you don't play at all. and if u don't play u can't win.”    ―      Judith McNaught,  Paradise
      “I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.”    ―      Charlotte Bronte  
      “The value of things is not the time they last, but the intensity with which they occur. That is why there are unforgettable moments and unique people!”    ―      Fernando Pessoa  
      “If I must fall, may it be from a high place.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept
      “Free at last, Free at last, Thank God almighty we are free at last.”    ―      Martin Luther King Jr.,  I Have a Dream: Writings and Speeches That Changed the World
      “Remake the world, a little at a time, each in your own corner of the world.”    ―      Rick Riordan  
      “Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.”    ―      J.K. Rowling  
      “Always be yourself, there's no one better!”    ―      Selena Gomez  
      “Life is a funny thing. We only get so many years to live it, so we have to do everything we can to make sure those years are as full as they can be. We shouldn't waste time on things that might happen someday, or maybe even never.”    ―      Colleen Hoover,  It Ends with Us
      “You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “When a stargirl cries, she sheds not tears but light.”    ―      Jerry Spinelli,  Stargirl
      “Just because someone desires you, it does not mean that they value you.Read it over.Again.Let those words resonate in your mind.”    ―      Nayyirah Waheed    
      “It doesn't matter what you do...so long as you change something from the way it was before you touched it into something that's like you after you take your hands away.”    ―      Ray Bradbury,  Fahrenheit 451
      “We forfeit three-fourths of ourselves in order to be like other people.”    ―      Arthur Schopenhauer  
      “Happiness is always there. You just have to choose to see it. There's no point dwelling in the dark and ignoring the light of the stars.”    ―      Carrie Hope Fletcher  
      “Most people overestimate what they can do in one year and underestimate what they can do in ten years.”    ―      Bill Gates  
      “Every day People straighten up the hair, why not the heart?”    ―      che guevara  
      “Whatever you think, be sure it is what you think; whatever you want, be sure that is what you want; whatever you feel, be sure that is what you feel.”    ―      T.S. Eliot  
      “Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “If you don't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else?”    ―      RuPaul  
      “I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.”    ―      Amit Kalantri,  Wealth of Words
      “Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly. It is the one thing we are interested in here.”    ―      Leo Tolstoy,  War and Peace
      “Nothing ever really goes away--it just changes into something else. Something beautiful.”    ―      Sarah Ockler,  Twenty Boy Summer
      “We dance round in a ring and suppose,But the Secret sits in the middle and knows.”    ―      Robert Frost  
      “With great power comes great responsibility.”    ―      Stan Lee  
      “One mistake does not have to rule a person's entire life.”    ―      Joyce Meyer,  Any Minute
      “You must accept the reality of other people. You think that reality is up for negotiation, that we think it's whatever you say it is. You must accept that we are as real as you are; you must accept that you are not God.”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  The Casual Vacancy
      “Are you on our side...and want to be different, or are you on that side and want to throw a football at my head!?”    ―      Gerard Way   
      “Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Gossip is just a tool to distract people who have nothing better to do from feeling jealous of those few of us still remaining with noble hearts.”    ―      Anna Godbersen,  Splendor
      “Here is a rule to remember in future, when anything tempts you to feel bitter: not "This is misfortune," but "To bear this worthily is good fortune.”    ―      Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations
      “It’s strange how dreams get under your skin and give your heart a test for what’s real and what’s imaginary.”    ―      Jason Mraz  
      “I choose gentleness... Nothing is won by force. I choose to be gentle. If I raise my voice may it be only in praise. If I clench my fist, may it be only in prayer. If I make a demand, may it be only of myself.”    ―      Max Lucado  
      “The splendid thingabout falling apartsilently...is thatyou can start overas many timesas you like.”    ―      Sanober Khan,  A Thousand Flamingos
      “Live fast. Die young. Be wild. Have fun.”    ―      Lana Del Rey  
      “Shine your light and make a positive impact on the world; there is nothing so honorable as helping improve the lives of others.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “First you jump off the cliff and build your wings on the way down.”    ―      Ray Bradbury  
      “Chaos is more freedom; in fact, total freedom. But no meaning. I want to be free to act, and I also want my actions to mean something.”    ―      Audrey Niffenegger,  The Time Traveler's Wife
      “But why think about that when all the golden lands ahead of you and all kinds of unforseen events wait lurking to surprise you and make you glad you're alive to see?”    ―      Jack Kerouac,  On the Road
      “Don't give up the fight,Stand up for your rights.”    ―      Bob Marley  
      “If you can't you must, and if you must you can.”    ―      Anthony Robbins  
      “Makakapili ka ng lugar na uupuan mo, pero hindi mo mapipili ang taong uupo sa puwang sa tabi mo... Ganyan ang senaryo sa bus. Ganyan din sa pag-ibig... Lalong 'di mo kontrolado kung kelan siya bababa.”    ―      Bob Ong  
      “Only the gentle are ever really strong.”    ―      James  Dean  
      “Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken!”    ―      Chuck Palahniuk,  Fight Club
      “It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.”    ―      Aristotle  
      “Life,” said Marvin dolefully, “loathe it or ignore it, you can’t like it.”    ―      Douglas Adams   
      “The caged bird sings with a fearful trill,of things unknown, but longed for still, and his tune is heard on the distant hill, for the caged bird sings of freedom.”    ―      Maya Angelou,  I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
      “Written words can also sing.”    ―      Ngũgĩ wa Thiong’o,  Dreams in a Time of War
      “When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest.”    ―      HENRY DAVID THOREAU  
      “You were not born on earth to please anyone; you have to live life to express yourself, not to impress someone. Don't pretend to be someone you're not, and never lose yourself in search of other people's acceptance and approval.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Awake, arise or be for ever fall’n.”    ―      John Milton,  Paradise Lost
      “For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.”    ―      Aristotle,  The Nicomachean Ethics
      “Indeed, learning to write may be part of learning to read. For all I know, writing comes out of a superior devotion to reading.”    ―      Eudora Welty,  On Writing
      “There is nothing more beautiful than seeing a person being themselves. Imagine going through your day being unapologetically you.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “I am who I am; no more, no less.”    ―      Terry Goodkind,  Wizard's First Rule
      “Facing it, always facing it, that’s the way to get through. Face it.”    ―      Conrad Joseph  
      “it is impossible to build one's own happiness on the unhappiness of others. This perspective is at the heart of Buddhist teachings.”    ―      Daisaku Ikeda  
      “I love you, in my mind where my thoughts reside, in my heart where my emotions live, and in my soul where my dreams are born. I love you.”    ―      Dee Henderson,  The Healer
      “As we go through life we gradually discover who we are, but the more we discover, the more we lose ourselves.”    ―      Haruki Murakami,  Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage
      “Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “You don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are. You are what you are!”    ―      John Lennon  
      “Anything is possible. Anything can be.”    ―      Shel Silverstein  
      “Maybe we've lived a thousand lives before this one and in each of them we've found each other... I know I've spent each life before this one searching for you. Not someone like you but you, for your soul and mine must always come together.”    ―      Nicholas Sparks,  The Notebook
      “Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp,Or what's a heaven for?”    ―      Robert Browning,  Men and Women and Other Poems
      “You can’t go back and make a new start, but you can start right now and make a brand new ending.”    ―      James R. Sherman,  Rejection
      “You have every right to a beautiful life.”    ―      Selena Gomez  
      “no matter how ugly the world gets or how stupid it shows me it is, I always have faith”    ―      Gerard Way  
      “The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “That which we persist in doing becomes easier to do, not that the nature of the thing has changed but that our power to do has increased.”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson  
      “The right thing at the wrong tme is the wrong thing.”    ―      Joshua Harris,  I Kissed Dating Goodbye: A New Attitude Toward Relationships and Romance
      “Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.”    ―      Richard Bach  
      “There isn't time, so brief is life, for bickerings, apologies, heartburnings, callings to account. There is only time for loving, and but an instant, so to speak, for that.”    ―      Mark Twain  
      “Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Push your boundaries beyond the ordinary; be that “extra” in “extraordinary.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives.”    ―      Albert Einstein  
      “Anything under God's control is never out of control.”    ―      Charles Swindoll  
      “a wind has blown the rain away & the sky away & all the leaves away, & the trees stand. i think i, too, have known autumn too long.”    ―      e.e. cummings  
      “Jamie: You know what I figured out today?Landon: What?Jamie: Maybe God has a bigger plan for me than I had for myself. Like this journey never ends. Like you were sent to me because I'm sick. To help me through all this. You're my angel.”    ―      Nicholas Sparks,  A Walk to Remember
      “Next to trying and winning, the best thing is trying and failing.”    ―      Lucy Maud Montgomery,  Anne of Green Gables
      “No one is ever satisfied where he is.”    ―      Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,  The Little Prince
      “We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world”    ―      Helen Keller  
      “Myth is much more important and true than history. History is just journalism and you know how reliable that is.”    ―      Joseph Campbell  
      “Tolerance of intolerance is cowardice.”    ―      Ayaan Hirsi Ali  
      “Give up to grace. The ocean takes care of each wave 'til it gets to shore. You need more help than you know.”    ―      Rumi,  Words of Paradise: Selected Poems of Rumi
      “I give myself a good cry if I need it. But then I concentrate on the good things still in my life. I don't allow myself any more self-pity than that. A little each every morning, a few tears, and that's all.”    ―      Mitch Albom,  Tuesdays with Morrie
      “I am what I am, an’ I’m not ashamed. 'Never be ashamed,’ my ol’ dad used ter say, ‘there’s some who’ll hold it against you, but they’re not worth botherin’ with.”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
      “Call him Voldemort, Harry. Always use the proper name for things. Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
      “There comes a time when we realize that our parents cannot save themselves or save us, that everyone who wades through time eventually gets dragged out to sea by the undertow- that, in short, we are all going.”    ―      John Green,  Looking for Alaska
      “...Despite the mayhem that followed, Bruno found that he was still holding Shmuel's hand in his own and nothing in the world would have persuaded him to let go.”    ―      John Boyne ,  The Boy in the Striped Pajamas
      “No, our science is no illusion. But an illusion it would be to suppose that what science cannot give us we can get elsewhere.”    ―      Sigmund Freud,  The Future of an Illusion
      “Anxiety is the handmaiden of creativity”    ―      T.S. Eliot  
      “All the problem of women, starts with men. All the problem of men, ends with women.”    ―      Santosh Kalwar,  Quote Me Everyday
      “When your will is God's will, you will have your will.”    ―      Charles Spurgeon  
      “It serves me right for putting all my eggs in one bastard.”    ―      Dorothy Parker,  You Might as Well Live: The Life and Times of Dorothy Parker
      “Change course, but don’t give up.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for”    ―      Oliver James  
      “The language of Friendship is not words, but meanings.”    ―      Henry David Thoreau,  A Week on the Concord and Merrimack Rivers
      “No woman should be made to fear that she was not enough.”    ―      Samantha Shannon,  The Priory of the Orange Tree
      “Life is essentially an endless series of problems. The solution to one problem is merely the creation of another.”    ―      Mark  Manson,  The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life
      “Anyone who knows me, should learn to know me again;For I am like the Moon,you will see me with new face everyday.”    ―      Rumi  
      “Don't marry a rich man. Marry a good man. He will spend his life trying to keep you happy. No rich man can buy that!”    ―      Staness Jonekos  
      “I am not what I ought to be, I am not what I want to be, I am not what I hope to be in another world; but still I am not what I once used to be, and by the grace of God I am what I am”    ―      John Newton  
      “The beauty of the world...has two edges, one of laughter, one of anguish, cutting the heart asunder.”    ―      Virginia Woolf  
      “Mutual caring relationships require kindness and patience, tolerance, optimism, joy in the other's achievements, confidence in oneself, and the ability to give without undue thought of gain.”    ―      Fred Rogers,  The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember
      “Living well is an art that can be developed: a love of life and ability to take great pleasure from small offerings and assurance that the world owes you nothing and that every gift is exactly that, a gift. ”    ―      Maya Angelou,  Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now
      “If the only prayer you say throughout your life is "Thank You," then that will be enough.”    ―      Elie Wiesel  
      “Let us live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.”    ―      Mark Twain  
      “A thing of beauty is a joy for ever: Its loveliness increases; it will never Pass into nothingness; but still will keep A bower quiet for us, and a sleep Full of sweet dreams, and health, and quiet breathing.”    ―      John Keats  
      “Love those you hate you.”    ―      Leo Tolstoy,  Anna Karenina
      “God is subtle but he is not malicious.”    ―      Albert Einstein  
      “Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.”    ―      Benjamin Franklin  
      “When you're screwing up and nobody says anything to you anymore, that means they've given up on you.”    ―      Randy Pausch  
      “Grace is the face that love wears when it meets imperfection.”    ―      Joseph R. Cooke  
      “With your head full of brains and your shoes full of feet, you're too smart to go down any not-so-good street.”    ―      Dr. Seuss  
      “We are all of us born with a letter inside us, and that only if we are true to ourselves, may we be allowed to read it before we die.”    ―      Douglas Coupland  
      “It is not worth the while to let our imperfections disturb us always.”    ―      Henry David Thoreau  
      “In case you never get a second chance: don't be afraid!" "And what if you do get a second chance?" "You take it!”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “When you take risks you learn that there will be times when you succeed and there will be times when you fail, and both are equally important.”    ―      Ellen DeGeneres,  Seriously... I'm Kidding
      “The absence of the will to live is, alas, not sufficient to make one want to die.”    ―      Michel Houellebecq  
      “Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever.”    ―      Wil Zeus,  Sun Beyond the Clouds
      “If I've learned one lesson from all that's happened to me, it's that there is no such thing as the biggest mistake of your existence. There's no such thing as ruining your life. Life's a pretty resilient thing, it turns out.”    ―      Sophie Kinsella,  The Undomestic Goddess
      “I believe in the immeasurable power of love; that true love can endure any circumstance and reach across any distance.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “The function of freedom is to free someone else.”    ―      Toni Morrison  
      “By hook or by crook, I hope that you will possess yourselves of money enough to travel and to idle, to contemplate the future or the past of the world, to dream over books and loiter at street corners and let the line of thought dip deep into the stream”    ―      Virginia Woolf  
      “Be comforted, dear soul! There is always light behind the clouds.”    ―      Louisa May Alcott,  Little Women
      “What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.”    ―      Otto Rank  
      “No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “In our world," said Eustace, "a star is a huge ball of flaming gas."Even in your world, my son, that is not what a star is, but only what it is made of.”    ―      C.S. Lewis,  The Voyage of the Dawn Treader
      “The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.”    ―      Criss Jami,  Killosophy
      “Dream, Dream DreamDreams transform into thoughts And thoughts result in action.”    ―      APJ ABDUL KALAM  
      “Courage does not always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, 'I will try again tomorrow.”    ―      Mary Anne Radmacher  
      “Make voyages. Attempt them. There's nothing else.”    ―      Tennesse Williams,  Camino Real
      “Collective madness is called sanity ..”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  Veronika Decides to Die
      “The decisions I made after that moment were not the ones she would have made. They were the choices of a changed person, a new self.  You could call this selfhood many things. Transformation. Metamorphosis. Falsity. Betrayal.  I call it an education”    ―      Tara Westover,  Educated
      “Live boldly. Push yourself. Don't settle.”    ―      Jojo Moyes,  Me Before You
      “The purpose of literature is to turn blood into ink.”    ―      T.S. Eliot  
      “Free yourself from the complexities and drama of your life. Simplify. Look within. Within ourselves we all have the gifts and talents we need to fulfill the purpose we've been blessed with.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “Millions saw the apple fall, Newton was the only one who asked why?”    ―      Bernard M. Baruch  
      “We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing, while others judge us by what we have already done.”    ―      Henry Wadsworth Longfellow  
      “The most exquisite paradox… as soon as you give it all up, you can have it all. As long as you want power, you can't have it. The minute you don't want power, you'll have more than you ever dreamed possible.”    ―      ram dass  
      “If it sounds like writing, I rewrite it.”    ―      Elmore Leonard,  Elmore Leonard's 10 Rules of Writing
      “Men build too many walls and not enough bridges.”    ―      Joseph Fort Newton  
      “There is no limit to the amount of good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit.”    ―      Ronald Reagan  
      “Don't find fault, find a remedy; anybody can complain”    ―      Henry Ford  
      “Life will hit you hard in the face, wait for you to get back up just so it can kick you in the stomach. But getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs how much they like the taste of air.”    ―      Sarah Kay  
      “Laughter is carbonated holiness.”    ―      Anne Lamott  
      “Love art in yourself, and not yourself in art.”    ―      Constantin Stanislavski,  My Life In Art
      “Love demands everything, they say, but my love demands only this: that no matter what happens or how long it takes, you`ll keep faith in me, you`ll remember who we are, and you`ll never feel despair.”    ―      Ann Brashares,  My Name Is Memory
      “Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Those three things - autonomy, complexity, and a connection between effort and reward - are, most people will agree, the three qualities that work has to have if it is to be satisfying.”    ―      Malcolm Gladwell,  Outliers: The Story of Success
      “No man ever threw away life while it was worth keeping.”    ―      David Hume,  Essays on Suicide and the Immortality of the Soul
      “A winner is a dreamer who never gives up”    ―      Nelson Mandela  
      “My heart, which is so full to overflowing, has often been solaced and refreshed by music when sick and weary.”    ―      Martin Luther  
      “Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.”    ―      Criss Jami,  Venus in Arms
      “You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “that as long as we are being remembered, we remain alive.”    ―      Carlos Ruiz Zafon  
      “Two things fill the mind with ever-increasing wonder and awe, the more often and the more intensely the mind of thought is drawn to them: the starry heavens above me and the moral law within me.”    ―      Immanuel Kant,  Critique of Practical Reason
      “Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “I want to continue being crazy; living my life the way I dream it, and not the way the other people want it to be.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  Veronika Decides to Die
      “If I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country.”    ―      E.M. Forster,  What I Believe and Other Essays
      “Yes, I have tricks in my pocket, I have things up my sleeve. But I am the opposite of a stage magician. He gives you illusion that has the appearance of truth. I give you truth in the pleasant disguise of illusion.”    ―      Tennessee Williams,  The Glass Menagerie
      “You have to, take a deep breath. and allow the music to flow through you. Revel in it, allow yourself to awe. When you play allow the music to break your heart with its beauty.”    ―      Kelly White  
      “You know, the mind is a remarkable thing. Just because you can't see the wound doesn't mean it isn't hurting. It scars all the time, but it heals.”    ―      Jodi Picoult,  The Pact
      “Sometimes I arrive just when God's ready to have somone click the shutter.”    ―      Ansel Adams  
      “What's most important in a friendship? Tolerance and loyalty.”    ―      J.K. Rowling  
      “If someone does not want me it is not the end of the world. But if I do not want me, the world is nothing but endings.”    ―      Nayyirah Waheed  
      “Just because you fall once, doesn't mean you're fall at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always trust yourself, because if you don't then who will??”    ―      Marilyn Monroe  
      “Do your best and let God do the rest.”    ―      Ben Carson  
      “Have you ever seen the stars in the night? See them closely, they will tell you, how to be open, how to love and how to shine and twinkle without any differences and jealousy of other stars.”    ―      Santosh Kalwar,  Quote Me Everyday
      “All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another.”    ―      Anatole France,  The Crime of Sylvestre Bonnard
      “You should never assume. You know what happens when you assume. You make an ass out of you and me because that's how it's spelled.”    ―      Ellen DeGeneres  
      “Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?”    ―      Ian Wallace  
      “Believe in yourself and there will come a day when others will have no choice but to believe with you.”    ―      Cynthia Kersey  
      “If you're not comfortable enough with yourself or with your own truth when entering a relationship, then you're not ready for that relationship.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “May I share with you a formula that in my judgment will help you and help me to journey well through mortality... First, fill your mind with truth; second, fill your life with service; and third, fill your heart with love.”    ―      Thomas S. Monson  
      “Quiet people have the loudest minds.”    ―      Stephen King  
      “No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Nikolai had been told that hope was dangerous, had been warned of it many times. But he’d never believed that. Hope was the wind that came from nowhere to fill your sails and carry you home.”    ―      Leigh Bardugo,  King of Scars
      “To write is human, to edit is divine.”    ―      Stephen King,  On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft
      “One of the pitfalls of childhood is that one doesn't have to understand something to feel it. By the time the mind is able to comprehend what has happened, the wounds of the heart are already too deep.”    ―      Carlos Ruiz Zafón,  The Shadow of the Wind
      “I'm beginning to think that maybe it's not just how much you love someone. Maybe what matters is who you are when you're with them.”    ―      Anne Tyler,  The Accidental Tourist
      “People would rather believe than know.”    ―      Edward O. Wilson  
      “When we blindly adopt a religion, a political system, a literary dogma, we become automatons.”    ―      Anaïs Nin,  The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 4: 1944-1947
      “It was the moment I realized what music can do to people, how it can make you hurt and feel so good all at once.”    ―      Nina LaCour,  Hold Still
      “Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “We ask ourselves, who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, handsome, talented and fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?”    ―      Marianne Williamson,  A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"
      “To be in your children's memories tomorrow,You have to be in their lives today.”    ―      Barbara Johnson  
      “It takes a huge effort to free yourself from memory”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  Aleph
      “...even a tiny bit of deceit is dishonorable when it's used for selfish or cowardly reasons.- Mr. Penderwick”    ―      Jeanne Birdsall,  The Penderwicks on Gardam Street
      “I don't know, I don't want to talk as much. (...) It's nicer to think dear, pretty thoughts and keep them in one's heart, like treasures. I don't like to have them laughed at or wondered over.”    ―      L.M. Montgomery,  Anne of Green Gables
      “Everyone has his own reality in which, if one is not too cautious, timid or frightened, one swims. This is the only reality there is.”    ―      Henry Miller,  Stand Still Like the Hummingbird
      “Do not waste time bothering whether you ‘love’ your neighbor; act as if you did. As soon as we do this we find one of the great secrets. When you are behaving as if you loved someone, you will presently come to love him.”    ―      C. S.  Lewis,  Mere Christianity
      “Life is painful. It has thorns, like the stem of a rose. Culture and art are the roses that bloom on the stem. The flower is yourself, your humanity. Art is the liberation of the humanity inside yourself.”    ―      Daisaku Ikeda  
      “Arrange whatever pieces come your way.”    ―      Virginia Woolf,  A Writer's Diary
      “Berhenti bercita-cita adalah tragedi terbesar dalam hidup manusia”    ―      Andrea Hirata,  Sang Pemimpi
      “I wonder,” he said, “whether the stars are set alight in heaven so that one day each one of us may find his own again...”    ―      Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,  The Little Prince
      “Although I am a typical loner in my daily life, my awareness of belonging to the invisible community of those who strive for truth, beauty, and justice has prevented me from feelings of isolation.”    ―      Albert Einstein  
      “If a bullet should enter my brain, let that bullet destroy every closet door.”    ―      Harvey Milk  
      “Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.”    ―      Aeschylus  
      “You can have many great ideas in your head, but what makes the difference is the action. Without action upon an idea, there will be no manifestation, no results, and no reward”    ―      Don Miguel Ruiz,  The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom
      “God save us from religion.”    ―      David Eddings  
      “WATNEY: Look! A pair of boobs! -> (.Y.).”    ―      Andy Weir ,  The Martian
      “The man who writes about himself and his own time is the only man who writes about all people and all time.”    ―      George Bernard Shaw  
      “It is only with true love and compassion that we can begin to mend what is broken in the world. It is these two blessed things that can begin to heal all broken hearts.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “All shall be done, but it may be harder than you think.”    ―      C.S. Lewis,  The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe
      “Everything changed the day she figured out there was exactly enough time for the important things in her life.”    ―      Brian Andreas  
      “Everything happens for a reason and, something better will come along for me!”    ―      Selena Gomez  
      “Nothing's a better cure for writer's block than to eat ice cream right out of the carton.”    ―      Don Roff  
      “Realize deeply that the present moment is all you will ever have.”    ―      Eckhart Tolle  
      “It's just that in the Deep South, women learn at a young age that when the world is falling apart around you, it's time to take down the drapes and make a new dress.”    ―      Karen Moning,  Faefever
      “Frustration and Love can’t exist in the same place at the same time, so get real and start doing what you would rather be doing in life. Love your life. All of it. Even the heavy shit that happened to you when you were 8. All of it was and IS perfect.”    ―      Jason Mraz  
      “What saves a man is to take a step. Then another step.”    ―      Antoine de Saint-Exupéry  
      “I hate you."I love you."You're a freak, you know that? Everyone says so. They always have."I'm trying not to be.”    ―      Stephen Chbosky,  The Perks of Being a Wallflower
      “Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “It is better for the heart to break, than not to break.”    ―      Mary Oliver  
      “A gift is pure when it is given from the heart to the right person at the right time and at the right place, and when we expect nothing in return”    ―      Anonymous,  The Bhagavad Gita
      “Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude”    ―      Arthur Schopenhauer   
      “This place is a dream. Only a sleeper considers it real. Then death comes like dawn, and you wake up laughing at what you thought was your grief.”    ―      Rumi  
      “Passion is a feeling that tells you: this is the right thing to do. Nothing can stand in my way. It doesn't matter what anyone else says. This feeling is so good that it cannot be ignored. I'm going to follow my bliss and act upon this glorious sensation of joy.”    ―      Wayne W. Dyer  
      “When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Life is short. If you doubt me, ask a butterfly. Their average life span is a mere five to fourteen days.”    ―      Ellen DeGeneres,  The Funny Thing Is...
      “Where you stumble and fall, there you will find gold.”    ―      Joseph Campbell  
      “In the end, just three things matter:How well we have livedHow well we have lovedHow well we have learned to let go”    ―      Jack Kornfield  
      “Write while the heat is in you. The writer who postpones the recording of his thoughts uses an iron which has cooled to burn a hole with. He cannot inflame the minds of his audience.”    ―      Henry David Thoreau  
      “How satisfying it is to leave a mark on a blank surface. To make a map of my movement - no matter how temporary.”    ―      Craig Thompson,  Blankets
      “Do not give way to useless alarm; though it is right to be prepared for the worst, there is no occasion to look on it as certain.”    ―      Jane Austen,  Pride and Prejudice
      “When they say the sky's the limit to me that's really true”    ―      Michael  Jackson  
      “You can only be afraid of what you think you know.”    ―      J. Krishnamurti  
      “Everything you want is on the other side of fear.”    ―      Jack Canfield  
      “There's a hunger for stories in all of us, adults too. We need stories so much that we're even willing to read bad books to get them, if the good books won't supply them.”    ―      Philip Pullman  
      “I was born into Bolívar's labyrinth, and so I must believe in the hope of Rabelais' Great Perhaps.”    ―      John Green  
      “Your Life Is Happening Right Now: Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “The deepest secret is that life is not a process of discovery, but a process of creation. You are not discovering yourself, but creating yourself anew. Seek therefore, not to find out Who You Are, but seek to determine Who You Want to Be.”    ―      Neale Donald Walsch   
      “Death is the easy part, the hard part is living and knowing you could be so much more then you’re willing to be.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “Every time you do a good deed you shine the light a little farther into the dark. And the thing is, when you're gone that light is going to keep shining on, pushing the shadows back.”    ―      charles de lint  
      “Am I weird?""Yeah. But so what? Everybody's weird.”    ―      Stephen King,  Different Seasons
      “You can't find someone who doesn't want to be found.”    ―      Isabel Allende,  The House of the Spirits
      “To invent your own life's meaning is not easy, but it's still allowed, and I think you'll be happier for the trouble.”    ―      Bill Watterson  
      “If you surrendered to the air, you could ride it.”    ―      Toni Morrison,  Song of Solomon
      “Pac said Thug Life stood for 'The Hate U Give Little Infants Fucks Everybody'.”    ―      Angie Thomas,  The Hate U Give
      “Know from whence you came. If you know whence you came, there are absolutely no limitations to where you can go.”    ―      James Baldwin  
      “Never let a problem to be solved, become more important than a person to be loved.”    ―      Thomas S. Monson  
      “Don't waste your energy trying to change opinions ... Do your thing, and don't care if they like it.”    ―      Tina Fey,  Bossypants
      “If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal; you do not change your decision to get there.”    ―      Zig Ziglar  
      “The heights by great men reached and kept were not attained by sudden flight,but they, while their companions slept,were toiling upward in the night.”    ―      Henry Wadsworth Longfellow  
      “To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “A thousand words leave not the same deep impression as does a single deed.”    ―      Henrik Ibsen  
      “It's your life-but only if you make it so.”    ―      Eleanor Roosevelt,  You Learn by Living: Eleven Keys for a More Fulfilling Life
      “It's a lie to think you're not good enough. It's a lie to think you're not worth anything.”    ―      Nick Vujicic  
      “Everything stinks till it’s finished.”    ―      Dr. Seuss  
      “I’ve gotta get out of the basement. I’ve gotta see the world. I’ve gotta make a difference”    ―      Gerard Way  
      “Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances; a head full of negative thoughts has no space for positive ones.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Scars are not injuries, Tanner Sack. A scar is a healing. After injury, a scar is what makes you whole.”    ―      China Miéville,  The Scar
      “The further you go, the more you have to be proud of. At the same time, in order to come a long way, you have to be behind to begin with. IN the end, though maybe it's not how you reach a place that matters. Just that you get there at all.”    ―      Sarah Dessen,  Lock and Key
      “Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.”    ―      Thomas à Kempis,  The Imitation of Christ
      “The greatest day in your life and mine is when we take total responsibility for our attitudes. That's the day we truly grow up.”    ―      John C. Maxwell  
      “She had been given a wonderful gift: life. Sometimes it was cruelly taken away too soon, but it's what you did with it that counted, not how long it lasted.”    ―      Cecelia Ahern,  P.S. I Love You
      “Yoga is not a religion. It is a science, science of well-being, science of youthfulness, science of integrating body, mind and soul.”    ―      Amit Ray,  Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style
      “I'm not going to limit myself just because people won't accept the fact that I can do something else.”    ―      Dolly Parton  
      “There is no failure except in no longer trying.”    ―      Elbert Hubbard  
      “life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity, & stumble from defeat to defeat.”    ―      anaïs nin  
      “We're so engaged in doing things to achieve purposes of outer value that we forget the inner value, the rapture that is associated with being alive, is what it is all about.”    ―      Joseph Campbell,  The Power of Myth
      “I don’t chase after anyone, If you wanna walk out of my life, then I’ll hold the fucking door open for you.”    ―      Wiz Khalifa  
      “My only regrets are the moments when i doubted myself and took the safe route. Life is too short to waste time being unhappy.”    ―      Dan Howell  
      “Your own Self-Realization is the greatest service you can render the world.”    ―      Ramana Maharshi  
      “These mountains that you are carrying, you were only supposed to climb.”    ―      Najwa Zebian  
      “Every problem is a gift - without problems we would not grow.”    ―      Anthony Robbins  
      “Light a candle instead of cursing the darkness.”    ―      Eleanor Roosevelt,  This is My Story
      “She's a woman, you're a dude. You're not supposed to understand her. That's not what she's after.... She doesn't want you to understand her. She knows that's impossible. She just wants you to understand yourself. Everything else is negotiable.”    ―      Neal Stephenson,  Snow Crash
      “That's everyone's dream, isn't it, really? Instead of many who give you little pieces of themselves-one who gives you everything.”    ―      Cassandra Clare,  Chain of Gold
      “I'm starting with the man in the mirror,I'm asking him to change his ways;And no message could have been any clearer,If you wanna make the world a better place,Take a look at yourself, and then make a change!”    ―      Michael  Jackson  
      “We are the cosmos made conscious and life is the means by which the universe understands itself.”    ―      Brian Cox  
      “You've got to show the world who you are before it tells you. Otherwise you become victim to someone you're not.”    ―      Chris Colfer,  Struck By Lightning: The Carson Phillips Journal
      “Talent is a gift, but character is a choice.”    ―      John C. Maxwell  
      “One life is all we have and we live it as we believe in living it. But to sacrifice what you are and to live without belief, that is a fate more terrible than dying.”    ―      Joan of Arc  
      “I am the captain of my soul.”    ―      Nelson Mandela  
      “The past can't hurt you anymore. Not unless you let it. They made you into a victim, Evey. They made you into a statistic. But, that's not the real you. That's not who you are inside.”    ―      Alan Moore,  V for Vendetta
      “The deeds you do may be the only sermon some persons will hear today”    ―      St. Francis Of Assisi  
      “If it can be destroyed by the truth, it deserves to be destroyed by the truth.”    ―      Carl Sagan  
      “All the time you're saying to yourself, 'I could do that, but I won't,' — which is just another way of saying that you can't.”    ―      Richard P. Feynman,  Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character
      “Argue for your limitations and, sure enough, they're yours.”    ―      Richard Bach  
      “The trick is to enjoy life. Don't wish away your days, waiting for better ones ahead.”    ―      Marjorie Pay Hinckley  
      “Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.”    ―      Bohdi Sanders,  The Secrets of Worldly Wisdom: Your Key to Unlocking Success
      “We hunt the flame, the light in the darkness, the good this world deserves.”    ―      Hafsah Faizal,  We Hunt the Flame
      “Women, they have minds, and they have souls, as well as just hearts. And they’ve got ambition, and they’ve got talent, as well as just beauty. I’m so sick of people saying that love is all a woman is fit for.”    ―      Louisa May Alcott,  Little Women
      “Finding one important thing in your life doesn’t mean you have togive up all the other important things.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  Brida
      “Normalness leads to sadness.”    ―      Phil Lester  
      “Perfect is the enemy of good.”    ―      Voltaire  
      “Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.[Quoting Reverend Phillips Brooks, during Remarks at Presidential Prayer Breakfast, February 7 1963]”    ―      John F. Kennedy  
      “Find the things that matter, and hold on to them, and fight for them, and refuse to let them go.”    ―      Lauren Oliver,  Delirium
      “Rise to the occassion which is life!”    ―      Virginia Euwer Wolff  
      “If you are under the impression you have already perfected yourself, you will never rise to the heights you are no doubt capable of.”    ―      Kazuo Ishiguro,  The Remains of the Day
      “All worthy work is open to interpretations the author did not intend. Art isn't your pet -- it's your kid. It grows up and talks back to you.”    ―      Joss Whedon  
      “A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on. Ideas have endurance without death.”    ―      John F. Kennedy  
      “Ten spears go to battle," he whispered, "and nine shatter. Did the war forge the one that remained? No, Amaran. All the war did was identify the spear that would not break.”    ―      Brandon Sanderson,  Oathbringer
      “Tearing down the rest of the world won't make you happy. Look inside yourself. Because finding who you were meant to be? What you were put into this world to do? That's what fills the emptiness. It's the only things that can.”    ―      A.G. Howard,  Splintered
      “I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.”    ―      Michael jordan  
      “Fault always lies in the same place: with him weak enough to lay blame.”    ―      Stephen King  
      “It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.”    ―      Andy Warhol  
      “Accepting oneself does not preclude an attempt to become better.”    ―      Flannery O'Connor  
      “There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root.”    ―      Henry David Thoreau,  Walden, or Life in the Woods
      “Il n'y a de réalité que dans l'action.(There is no reality except in action.)”    ―      Jean-Paul Sartre,  Existentialism is a Humanism
      “Life is going to give you just what you put in it. Put your whole heart in everything you do, and pray, then you can wait.”    ―      Maya Angelou,  I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
      “Your own positive future begins in this moment. All you have is right now. Every goal is possible from here.”    ―      Lao Tzu  
      “Complain and remain. Praise and be raised.”    ―      Joyce Meyer  
      “Life is ours to be spent, not tobe saved.”    ―      D.H. Lawrence  
      “Fear tends to come from ignorance. Once I knew what the problem was, it was just a problem, nothing to fear.”    ―      Patrick Rothfuss,  The Name of the Wind
      “The great secret of true success, of true happiness, is this: the man or woman who asks for no return, the perfectly unselfish person, is the most successful.”    ―      Swami Vivekananda  
      “Lord, grant me the strength to accept the things I cannot change,the courage to change the things I can,and the wisdom to know the difference.”    ―      Reinhold Niebuhr  
      “When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.”    ―      Alexander Graham Bell  
      “An idea is salvation by imagination”    ―      Frank Lloyd Wright  
      “Wherever men and women are persecuted because of their race, religion, or political views, that place must — at that moment — become the center of the universe.”    ―      Elie Wiesel  
      “Whatever you see you gotta keep a sense of humor; you gotta be able to smile through all the bullshit.”    ―      Tupac Shakur  
      “Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “You don’t get to pick where you’re from, but you always have control of where you’re going.”    ―      Chris Colfer,  Struck By Lightning: The Carson Phillips Journal
      “It doesn’t matter what we are. It matters what we do.”    ―      Michelle Hodkin,  The Evolution of Mara Dyer
      “Do not wait: the time will never be 'just right'. Start where you stand, and work whatever tools you may have at your command and better tools will be found as you go along.”    ―      Napoleon Hill  
      “The motive behind criticism often determines its validity. Those who care criticize where necessary. Those who envy criticize the moment they think that they have found a weak spot.”    ―      Criss Jami,  Killosophy
      “When I get sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead.”    ―      Barney Stinson  
      “It's not that some people have willpower and some don't... It's that some people are ready to change and others are not.”    ―      James Gordon  
      “My happiness grows in direct proportion to my acceptance, and in inverse proportion to my expectations.”    ―      Michael J. Fox  
      “With our thoughts we make the world.”    ―      Buddha  
      “I was halfway across America, at the dividing line between the East of my youth and the West of my future.”    ―      Jack Kerouac,  On the Road
      “The point of stories is not that they are objectively true, but that the soul of the story is truer than reality. Those who mock fiction do so because they fear the truth.”    ―      Cassandra Clare,  Chain of Gold
      “I know in my heart that man is good, that what is right will always eventually triumph, and there is purpose and worth to each and every life.”    ―      Ronald Reagan  
      “Happiness is the object and design of our existence; and will be the end thereof, if we pursue the path that leads to it; and this path is virtue, uprightness, faithfulness, holiness, and keeping all the commandments of God.”    ―      Joseph Smith  
      “If people are going to be allowed to say "we love you" and "I love you", they'd better have the backbone to prove it. Love isn't just a word.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “I'm often asked what I think about as I run. Usually the people who ask this have never run long distances themselves. I always ponder the question. What exactly do I think about when I'm running? I don't have a clue.”    ―      Haruki Murakami,  What I Talk About When I Talk About Running
      “you don't have to worry about burning bridges, if you're building your own”    ―      Kerry E. Wagner  
      “It’s not over if you’re still here,” Chronicler said. “It’s not a tragedy if you’re still alive.”    ―      Patrick Rothfuss,  The Wise Man's Fear
      “Always tell what you feel. Do what you think...”    ―      Gabriel García Márquez  
      “It is harder to crack prejudice than an atom.”    ―      Albert Einstein  
      “I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left.”    ―      Margaret Thatcher  
      “If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.”    ―      Steve Maraboli ,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “We can be beacons of light”    ―      Aimee Cabo Nikolov,  Love is the Answer God is the Cure
      “Wrong will be right, when Aslan comes in sight,At the sound of his roar, sorrows will be no more,When he bares his teeth, winter meets its death,And when he shakes his mane, we shall have spring again.”    ―      C.S. Lewis,  The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe
      “Music is an agreeable harmony for the honor of God and the permissible delights of the soul.”    ―      Johann Sebastian Bach  
      “A Nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens, but it's lowest ones”    ―      Nelson Mandela,  Long Walk to Freedom
      “Man cannot possess anything as long as he fears death. But to him who does not fear it, everything belongs. If there was no suffering, man would not know his limits, would not know himself. ”    ―      Leo Tolstoy,  War and Peace
      “Go for it, while you can. I know you have it in you. And I can't promise you'll get everything you want, but I can promise nothing will change if you don't try.”    ―      J.M. Darhower,  Sempre
      “Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.”    ―      Helen Keller,  The Open Door
      “Kecantikan yang abadi terletak pada keelokan adab dan ketinggian ilmu seseorang. Bukan terletak pada wajah dan pakaiannya.”    ―      Hamka  
      “A child may not know how to feed itself, or what to eat, yet it knows hunger.”    ―      Daniel Keyes,  Flowers for Algernon
      “Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm”    ―      Winston Churchill  
      “Champions have the courage to keep turning the pages because they know a better chapter lies ahead.”    ―      Paula White  
      “However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.”    ―      Winston Churchill  
      “Smile at strangers and you just might change a life.”    ―      Steve Maraboli  
      “Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.”    ―      Bill Gates  
      “You have to be the bravest person in the world to go out every day, being yourself when no one likes who you are.”    ―      Matthew Dicks,  Memoirs of an Imaginary Friend
      “Truth does not become more true by virtue of the fact that the entire world agrees with it, nor less so even if the whole world disagrees with it.”    ―      Maimonides,  The Guide for the Perplexed
      “Love doesn't always come when you want it to. Sometimes it just happens, despite your will.”    ―      V.C. Andrews,  Flowers in the Attic
      “You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “And so I wait. I wait for time to heal the pain and raise me to me feet once again - so that I can start a new path, my own path, the one that will make me whole again.”    ―      Jack Canfield,  Chicken Soup for the Teenage Soul II
      “You could do a lot worse.”    ―      Suzanne Collins,  Catching Fire
      “It is not enough to be industrious; so are the ants. What are you industrious about?”    ―      Henry David Thoreau,  Letters to Various Persons
      “Never stop. Never stop fighting. Never stop dreaming.”    ―      Tom Hiddleston  
      “If people reach perfection they vanish, you know.”    ―      T.H. White,  The Once and Future King
      “Maybe some things aren't meant to be known. maybe there just meant to be accepted.”    ―      Wendy Mass,  Jeremy Fink and the Meaning of Life
      “Never bend your head. Hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.”    ―      Helen Keller   
      “Travel is never a matter of money but of courage”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  Aleph
      “Come friends, it's not too late to seek a newer world.”    ―      Alfred Lord Tennyson  
      “Good works is giving to the poor and the helpless, but divine works is showing them their worth to the One who matters.”    ―      Criss Jami,  Killosophy
      “A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for.”    ―      Amit Ray,  World Peace: The Voice of a Mountain Bird
      “No matter how hard life is, don't lose hope”    ―      Zayn Malik  
      “To those who will see, the world waits.”    ―      Libba Bray  
      “To progress in life, I don’t focus on how much I have done but on how much I have yet to do.”    ―      Idowu Koyenikan,  Wealth for all Africans: How Every African Can Live the Life of Their Dreams
      “One must always be prepared for riotous and endless waves of transformation.”    ―      Elizabeth Gilbert,  Eat, Pray, Love: One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy, India and Indonesia
      “When men are pure, laws are useless; when men are corrupt, laws are broken.”    ―      Benjamin Disraeli  
      “Wait long enough and people will surprise and impress. When you're pissed off at someone and you're angry at them, you just haven't given them enough time. Just give them a little more time and they almost always will impress you.”    ―      Randy Pausch  
      “Til shade is gone, til water is goneInto the shadow with teeth baredScreaming defiance with the last breathTo spit in Sightblinder’s eye on the Last Day.”    ―      Robert Jordan,  The Dragon Reborn
      “Sometimes to self-discover you must self-destruct.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.”    ―      William James,  The Will to Believe and Other Essays in Popular Philosophy
      “What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Begin doing what you want to do now. We are not living in eternity. We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand--and melting like a snowflake...”    ―      Sir Francis Bacon  
      “When people see some things as beautiful,other things become ugly.When people see some things as good,other things become bad.”    ―      Lao Tzu,  Tao Te Ching
      “You can't dwell on what might have been...and it's not fair to condemn him for something he hasn't done.”    ―      Wendelin Van Draanen,  Flipped
      “If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten. ”    ―      Tony Robbins  
      “Life is like a play: it's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters.”    ―      Seneca  
      “Who we are in the present includes who we were in the past.”    ―      Fred Rogers,  Life's Journeys According to Mister Rogers: Things to Remember Along the Way
      “Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.”    ―      Richard Bach  
      “Your world is a living expression of how you are using and have used your mind.”    ―      Earl Nightingale  
      “Silence is argument carried out by other means.”    ―      Ernesto "Che" Guevara  
      “Someday is now.”    ―      Gaddy Bergmann  
      “The mistake ninety-nine percent of humanity made, as far as Fats could see, was being ashamed of what they were; lying about it, trying to be somebody else.”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  The Casual Vacancy
      “That proves you are unusual," returned the Scarecrow; "and I am convinced that the only people worthy of consideration in this world are the unusual ones. For the common folks are like the leaves of a tree, and live and die unnoticed.”    ―      L. Frank Baum,  The Land of Oz
      “For all those that have to fight for the respect that everyone else is given without question.”    ―      N.K. Jemisin,  The Fifth Season
      “What if the kid you bullied at school, grew up, and turned out to be the only surgeon who could save your life?”    ―      Lynette Mather  
      “You think of yourselfas a citizen of the universe.You think you belong to this world of dust and matter.Out of this dustyou have created a personal image,and have forgottenabout the essence of your true origin”    ―      Rumi,  Hush, Don't Say Anything to God: Passionate Poems of Rumi
      “Everything that is done in this world is done by hope.”    ―      Martin Luther  
      “You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.”    ―      Amit Ray,  Meditation: Insights and Inspirations
      “Of all the wonders that I have heard,It seems to me most strange that men should fear;Seeing death, a necessary end,Will come when it will come.(Act II, Scene 2)”    ―      William Shakespeare,  Julius Caesar
      “Try, reach, want, and you may fall. But even if you do, you might be okay anyway. If you don't try, you save nothing, because you might as well be dead.”    ―      Ann Brashares,  Girls in Pants: The Third Summer of the Sisterhood
      “All human beings should try to learn before they die what they are running from, and to, and why.”    ―      James Thurber  
      “When you say "I" and "my" too much, you lose the capacity to understand the "we" and "our".”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “Although my memory's fading, I remember two things very clearly: I am a great sinner and Christ is a great Savior.”    ―      John Newton,  Amazing Grace
      “Wherever the art of Medicine is loved, there is also a love of Humanity. ”    ―      Hippocrates  
      “What hurts us is what heals us”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  Aleph
      “Your inner strength is your outer foundation”    ―      Allan Rufus  
      “There's some good in this world, Mr. Frodo, and it's worth fighting for.”    ―      J. R. R. Tolkien  
      “To every problem, there is a most simple solution.”    ―      Agatha Christie,  The Clocks
      “It`s not how old you are, it`s how you are old.”    ―      Jules Renard  
      “karapatan kong madapa at bumangon sa buhay nang walang tatawa, magagalit, magtatanong, o magbibilang kung ilang beses na 'kong nagkamali at ilang ulit ako dapat bumawi”    ―      Bob Ong,  ABNKKBSNPLAKo?!
      “Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.”    ―      Benjamin Disraeli  
      “You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “The sky is the limit... for some people aim higher nothing is impossible.”    ―      Demi Lovato  
      “[BURR]I am the one thing in life I can control.”    ―      Lin-Manuel Miranda,  Hamilton: The Revolution
      “Run when you can, walk if you have to, crawl if you must; just never give up.”    ―      Dean Karnazes  
      “At the moment of commitment the entire universe conspires to assist you.”    ―      Johann Wolfgang von Goethe  
      “Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't three lefts make a right? Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't two negatives make a positive?”    ―      Andrew Clements,  Things Not Seen
      “The aim of every artist is to arrest motion, which is life, by artificial means and hold it fixed so that a hundred years later, when a stranger looks at it, it moves again since it is life.”    ―      William Faulkner  
      “Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.”    ―      Napoleon Hill  
      “None of us will ever accomplish anything excellent or commanding except when he listens to this whisper which is heard by him alone.”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson  
      “Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.”    ―      Anonymous,  The Holy Bible: King James Version
      “Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.”    ―      Christian D. Larson   
      “A tamed woman will never leave her mark in the world.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “Keep good company, read good books, love good things and cultivate soul and body as faithfully as you can.”    ―      Louisa May Alcott,  Rose in Bloom
      “Life is and will ever remain an equation incapable of solution, but it contains certain known factors.”    ―      Nikola Tesla  
      “Do you train for passing tests or do you train for creative inquiry?”    ―      Noam Chomsky  
      “I am not worried, Harry," said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. "I am with you.”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
      “Heaven is comfort, but it's still not living.”    ―      Alice Sebold,  The Lovely Bones
      “Do the kind of things that come from the heart, When you do, you won't be dissatisfied, you won't be envious, you won't be longing for somebody else's things. On the contrary, you'll be overhelmed with what comes back”    ―      Morrie Schwartz  
      “If you have kindness in your heart, you offer acts of kindness to touch the hearts of others wherever you go—whether they are random or planned. Kindness becomes a way of life.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “The future was one thing that could never be broken, because it had not yet had the chance to be anything.”    ―      Sarah Dessen,  Saint Anything
      “Its more fun to think of the future than dwell on the past.”    ―      Sara Shepard,  Unbelievable
      “If people make fun of you, that probably means you're doing something right.”    ―      Evanescence  
      “The opinion which other people have of you is their problem, not yours.”    ―      Elisabeth Kübler-Ross,  On Life After Death
      “You can't always judge people by the things they done. You got to judge them by what they are doing now.”    ―      Kate DiCamillo,  Because of Winn-Dixie
      “أنا مُبتلَى بيـا نسبة نجاة معدومة في الميةمقطوم في القلب ناب يارب . . طبطب عليا”    ―      أحمد العايدي  
      “Who belonged to no one, who belonged to everyone.Who had nothing, who wanted everything.”    ―      Lana Del Rey  
      “There are some values that you should never compromise on to stay true to yourself; you should be brave to stand up for what you truly believe in even if you stand alone.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “One more dance along the razor's edge finished. Almost dead yesterday, maybe dead tomorrow, but alive, gloriously alive, today.”    ―      Robert Jordan,  Lord of Chaos
      “If you fail to plan, you are planning to fail!”    ―      Benjamin Franklin  
      “What we love determines what we seek. What we seek determines what we think and do. What we think and do determines who we are — and who we will become.”    ―      Dieter F. Uchtdorf  
      “Have you ever felt the longing for someone you could admire? For something, not to look down at, but up to?”    ―      Ayn Rand  
      “Rules for happiness: something to do, someone to love, something to hope for.”    ―      Immanuel Kant  
      “Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. The mediocre mind is incapable of understanding the man who refuses to bow blindly to conventional prejudices and chooses instead to express his opinions courageously and honestly.”    ―      Albert Einstein  
      “What is demanded of man is not, as some existential philosophers teach, to endure the meaninglessness of life, but rather to bear his incapacity to grasp its unconditional meaningfulness in rational terms.”    ―      Viktor E. Frankl,  Man's Search for Meaning
      “Where your talents and the needs of the world cross, there lies your vocation.”    ―      Aristotle  
      “Friends can make you feel that the world is smaller and less sneaky than it really is, because you know people who have similar experiences.”    ―      Lemony Snicket,  The Austere Academy
      “The treacherous are ever distrustful.”    ―      J.R.R. Tolkien,  The Two Towers
      “Do nothing, and nothing happens. Life is about decisions. You either make them or they're made for you, but you can't avoid them.”    ―      Mhairi McFarlane,  You Had Me At Hello
      “Thou shalt not be a victim, thou shalt not be a perpetrator, but, above all, thou shalt not be a bystander.”    ―      Yehuda Bauer  
      “Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “My name is Salmon, like the fish; first name, Susie. I was fourteen when I was murdered.”    ―      Alice Sebold,  The Lovely Bones
      “And people who don’t dream, who don’t have any kind of imaginative life, they must… they must go nuts. I can’t imagine that.”    ―      Stephen King  
      “If we don't change the direction we are headed, we will end up where we are going.”    ―      Jodi Picoult,  Nineteen Minutes
      “Love is the Answer, God is the Cure!”    ―      Aimee Cabo Nikolov,  Love is the Answer God is the Cure
      “Too much sanity may be madness — and maddest of all: to see life as it is, and not as it should be!”    ―      Dale Wasserman,  Man of La Mancha
      “Give me the Love that leads the wayThe Faith that nothing can dismayThe Hope no disappointments tireThe Passion that'll burn like fireLet me not sink to be a clodMake me Thy fuel, Flame of God”    ―      Amy Carmichael  
      “Death twitches my ear;'Live,' he says... 'I'm coming.”    ―      Virgil  
      “Many persons have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness. It is not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.”    ―      Helen Keller  
      “No great wisdom can be reached without sacrifice.”    ―      C.S. Lewis,  The Magician's Nephew
      “But in the end it's only a passing thing, this shadow; even darkness must pass.”    ―      J.R.R. Tolkien,  The Lord of the Rings
      “It is better to be respected than it is to be popular. Popularity ends on yearbook day, but respect lasts forever.”    ―      John Bytheway  
      “Life is a series of surprises and would not be worth taking or keeping if it were not.”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson  
      “Every moment of light and dark is a miracle.”    ―      Walt Whitman  
      “Everything you'll ever need to know is within you; the secrets of the universe are imprinted on the cells of your body.”    ―      Dan Millman,  Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives
      “To touch the soul of another human being is to walk on holy ground.”    ―      Stephen Covey  
      “You’re only poor if you give up. The most important thing is that you did something. Most people only talk and dream of getting rich. You’ve done something.”    ―      Robert T. Kiyosaki,  Rich Dad, Poor Dad
      “We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.”    ―      Jonathan Swift  
      “I know that the molecules in my body are traceable to phenomena in the cosmos. That makes me want to grab people on the street and say: ‘Have you HEARD THIS?”    ―      Neil deGrasse Tyson  
      “Rule your mind or it will rule you.”    ―      Horace  
      “You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “We crave for new sensations but soon become indifferent to them. The wonders of yesterday are today common occurrences”    ―      Nikola Tesla,  My Inventions
      “It's total bullshit," he said. "The whole thing. Eighty percent survival rate and he's in the twenty percent? Bullshit. He was such a bright kid. It's bullshit. I hate it. But it was sure a privilege to love him, huh?”    ―      John Green,  The Fault in Our Stars
      “I want to be like Gandhi and Martin Luther King and John Lennon but i want to STAY ALIVE.”    ―      Madonna  
      “Look not mournfully into the past, it comes not back again. Wisely improve the present, it is thine. Go forth to meet the shadowy future without fear and with a manly heart.”    ―      Henry Wadsworth Longfellow   
      “We may have all come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now.”    ―      Martin Luther King Jr.  
      “I hope to write someday and that’s even more terrifying than performing. You don’t just entertain the audience, you give them little bits of your soul.”    ―      Chris Colfer  
      “If you want something you can have it, but only if you want everything that goes with it, including all the hard work and the despair, and only if you're willing to risk failure. ”    ―      Philip Pullman,  Clockwork
      “After all, you can't truly be happy if you've never known pain. You can't truly feel joy if you've never felt heartbreak. You can't know what it's like to be filled unless you've been empty.”    ―      Kelly Cutrone,  If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You
      “When blame and self-judgement are transformed, healed, and cease to be, we have reawakened without the myth, the mythos, of separation. We are One.”    ―      Wendy E. Slater,  Into the Hearth, Poems-Volume 14
      “We lay there and looked up at the night sky and she told me about stars called blue squares and red swirls and I told her I'd never heard of them. Of course not, she said, the really important stuff they never tell you. You have to imagine it on your own.”    ―      Brian Andreas  
      “Let us pick up our books and our pens, they are the most powerful weapons.”    ―      Malala Yousafzai,  I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
      “To love is easy, to be in a relationship is extremely difficult.”    ―      Santosh Kalwar,  Quote Me Everyday
      “Bring something incomprehensible into the world!”    ―      Gilles Deleuze,  A Thousand Plateaus: Capitalism and Schizophrenia
      “If I am the pawn of the gods, it is because they know me so well, not because they make my mind up for me.”    ―      Megan Whalen Turner,  The Queen of Attolia
      “If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.”    ―      Dolly Parton  
      “A writer must teach himself that the basest of all things is to be afraid. ”    ―      William Faulkner  
      “Go on, get out! Last words are for fools who haven't said enough!”    ―      Karl Marx  
      “Action springs not from thought, but from a readiness for responsibility.”    ―      Dietrich Bonhoeffer  
      “Make today worth remembering.”    ―      Zig Ziglar  
      “A gentleman is someone who does not what he wants to do, but what he should do.”    ―      Haruki Murakami,  Norwegian Wood
      “And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.”    ―      Anonymous,  Holy Bible: The New King James Version
      “You say freak, I say unique.”    ―      Christian Baloga  
      “You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you’re faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you’ll overcome it. Yes, you can.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Plants are more courageous than almost all human beings: an orange tree would rather die than produce lemons, whereas instead of dying the average person would rather be someone they are not.”    ―      Mokokoma Mokhonoana  
      “If you have the guts to be yourself, other people'll pay your price.”    ―      John Updike,  Rabbit, Run
      “Don't look to the approval of others for your mental stability”    ―      Karl Lagerfeld  
      “Maybe 'Okay' will be our 'always'...”    ―      John Green,  The Fault in Our Stars
      “Don't chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing and work hard. The right people - the ones who really belong in your life - will come to your. And stay.”    ―      Will Smith  
      “انت عمرك ما كنت مسئول عن مرضك... بس النهارده انت مسئول عن شفاك.”    ―      عصام يوسف,  1/4 جرام
      “Sisters in battle, I am shield and blade to you. As I breathe, your enemies will know no sanctuary. While I live, your cause is mine.”    ―      Leigh Bardugo,  Wonder Woman: Warbringer
      “You need just the right amount of 'Fuck the world' and the right amount of belief in something...and you need the right amount of love.”    ―      Gerard Way  
      “I believe in the hands that work, in the brains that think, and in the hearts that love...I believe in sunshine, fresh air, friendship, calm sleep, beautiful thoughts.”    ―      Elbert Hubbard  
      “Be like the flower that gives its fragrance to even the hand that crushes it.”    ―      Imam Ali   
      “How does one become a butterfly? They have to want to learn to fly so much that you are willing to give up being a caterpillar.”    ―      Trina Paulus,  Hope for the Flowers
      “Nobody steals books but your friends.”    ―      Roger Zelazny,  The Guns of Avalon
      “Whether a thought is spoken or not it is a real thing and it has power," Tuek said. "You might find the line between life and death among the Fremen to be too sharp and quick.”    ―      Frank Herbert,  Dune
      “How would your life be different if…You approached all relationships with authenticity and honesty? Let today be the day…You dedicate yourself to building relationships on the solid foundation of truth and authenticity.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “We cannot change what we are not aware of, and once we are aware, we cannot help but change.”    ―      Sheryl Sandberg,  Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead
      “Life consists of two days, one for you one against you. So when it's for you don't be proud or reckless, and when it's against you be patient, for both days are test for you.”    ―      Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S  
      “IN THE END… We only regret the chances we didn’t take, the relationships we were afraid to have,and the decisions we waited too long to make.”    ―      Lewis Carroll  
      “Death comes to us all; we can only choose how to face it when it comes.”    ―      Robert Jordan,  The Dragon Reborn
      “One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “A photographer is like a cod, which produces a million eggs in order that one may reach maturity.”    ―      George Bernard Shaw  
      “Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Your children are not your children. They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself... You may house their bodies but not their souls, for their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.”    ―      Kahlil Gibran  
      “Right now, we're living in an ugly chapter of our lives, but books always get better!”    ―      Chris Colfer,  The Wishing Spell
      “If we bear all this suffering and if there are still Jews left, when it is over, then Jews, instead of being doomed, will be held up as an example.”    ―      Anne Frank  
      “Live all you can: it's a mistake not to. It doesn't matter what you do in particular, so long as you have had your life. If you haven't had that, what have you had?”    ―      Henry James,  The Ambassadors
      “Most people die with their music still locked up inside them.”    ―      Benjamin Disraeli   
      “It is not so much the major events as the small day-to-day decisions that map the course of our living. . . Our lives are, in reality, the sum total of our seemingly unimportant decisions and of our capacity to live by those decisions.”    ―      Gordon B. Hinckley  
      “Life keeps throwing me lemons because I make the best lemonade...”    ―      King James Gadsden  
      “Your greatest self has been waiting your whole life; don't make it wait any longer.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “Differences are not intended to separate, to alienate. We are different precisely in order to realize our need of one another.”    ―      desmond tutu  
      “Love your life. Because your life is what you have to give.”    ―      Tom Hiddleston  
      “If you are a dreamer come in”    ―      Shel Silverstein  
      “Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Nobody gets praised for the right reasons.”    ―      Diana Wynne Jones,  Castle in the Air
      “I realize that life is risks. It’s acknowledging the past but looking forward. It’s taking a chance that we willmake mistakes but believing that we all deserve to be forgiven.”    ―      Carrie Ryan,  The Dead-Tossed Waves
      “It's easy to forget things you don't need anymore.”    ―      Haruki Murakami,  Kafka on the Shore
      “The truth was a mirror in the hands of God. It fell, and broke into pieces. Everybody took a piece of it, and they looked at it and thought they had the truth.”    ―      Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi  
      “I am so, so alive.”    ―      Maggie Stiefvater,  The Scorpio Races
      “He who takes offense when no offense is intended is a fool, and he who takes offense when offense is intended is a greater fool.”    ―      Brigham Young  
      “Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.”    ―      John C. Maxwell  
      “Life is only precious because it ends, kid. Take it from a god. You mortals don't know how lucky you are”    ―      Rick Riordan,  The Son of Neptune
      “Achievement has no color”    ―      Abraham Lincoln  
      “Women can fake an orgasm, but men can fake an entire relationship.”    ―      Sharon Stone  
      “The most powerful relationship you will ever have is the relationship with yourself.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “Meditation is a way for nourishing and blossoming the divinity within you.”    ―      Amit Ray,  Meditation: Insights and Inspirations
      “No man is free who is not master of himself.”    ―      Epictetus  
      “In my deepest wound I saw your glory, and it dazzled me.”    ―      St. Augustine  
      “The road to enlightenment is long and difficult, and you should try not to forget snacks and magazines.”    ―      Anne Lamott,  Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith
      “Every window in Alcatraz has a view of San Francisco. ”    ―      Susanna Kaysen,  Girl, Interrupted
      “You don't have to make something that people call art. Living is an artistic activity, there is an art to getting through the day.”    ―      viggo mortensen  
      “We swallowed the chaos because we knew we didn't want to be ordinary.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions. It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.”    ―      Anthony Robbins  
      “Ignore all hatred and criticism. Live for what you create, and die protecting it.”    ―      Lady Gaga  
      “We spend money that we do not have, on things we do not need, to impress people who do not care.”    ―      Will Smith  
      “For those who know the value of and exquisite taste of solitary freedom (for one is only free when alone), the act of leaving is the bravest and most beautiful of all.”    ―      Isabelle Eberhardt,  The Nomad: Diaries of Isabelle Eberhardt
      “Skies are crying,I am watching,Catching teardrops in my hands.Only silence, as it's ending,Like we never had a chance.Do you have to make me feelLike there's nothing left of me?”    ―      Demi Lovato  
      “Of course, a sign doesn't mean anything unless you know how to interpret it.”    ―      Arthur Golden,  Memoirs of a Geisha
      “Love is like a good cake; you never know when it's coming, but you'd better eat it when it does!”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “The victim mindset dilutes the human potential. By not accepting personal responsibility for our circumstances, we greatly reduce our power to change them.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “I was never more hated than when I tried to be honest. Or when, even as just now I've tried to articulate exactly what I felt to be the truth. No one was satisfied”    ―      Ralph Ellison,  Invisible Man
      “Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.”    ―      John Quincy Adams  
      “The question is not how to get cured, but how to live.”    ―      Joseph Conrad  
      “I'm the living embodiment of 'it could be worse'.”    ―      Dan Howell  
      “We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done.”    ―      Alan Turing,  Computing machinery and intelligence
      “Get comfortable with being uncomfortable!”    ―      Jillian Michaels  
      “There are some things that it is better to begin than to refuse, even though the end may be dark.”    ―      J.R.R. Tolkien,  The Two Towers
      “Pet names are a persistant remnant of childhood, a reminder that life is not always so serious, so formal, so complicated. They are a reminder, too, that one is not all things to all people.”    ―      Jhumpa Lahiri,  The Namesake
      “Whoever you are, or whatever it is that you do, when you really want something, it's because that desire originated in the soul of the universe. It's your mission on earth.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist
      “For great men, religion is a way of making friends; small people make religion a fighting tool.”    ―      APJ Abdul Kalam,  Ignited Minds: Unleashing the Power Within India
      “To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.”    ―      Audrey Hepburn  
      “The best kind of humans are the ones who stay.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “Sometimes a little discomfort in the beginning can save a whole lot of pain down the road.”    ―      Wendelin Van Draanen,  Flipped
      “Anything that makes weak - physically, intellectually and spiritually, reject it as poison.”    ―      Swami Vivekananda  
      “Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances.”    ―      Benjamin Franklin  
      “A daydreamer is prepared for most things.”    ―      Joyce Carol Oates  
      “Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.”    ―      Maria Robinson  
      “My sun sets to rise again.”    ―      Robert Browning  
      “I never did give them hell. I just told the truth, and they thought it was hell.”    ―      Harry S. Truman  
      “Great victory requires great risk.-Hera”    ―      Rick Riordan,  The Lost Hero
      “Life might take you down different roads. But each of you gets to decide which one to take.”    ―      Gayle Forman,  If I Stay
      “...try to remember that dreams do come true, but they don't come easily.”    ―      Josephine Angelini,  Dreamless
      “A quitter never wins-and-a winner never quits.”    ―      Napoleon Hill,  Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century
      “Love is the only thing that we can carry with us when we go, and it makes the end so easy.”    ―      Louisa May Alcott,  Good Wives
      “being afraid to take chances is scarier than actually doing things that challenge you.”    ―      Simone Elkeles,  Leaving Paradise
      “It’s against the rules of humanity to believe there is nothing we can do.”    ―      Melina Marchetta,  Finnikin of the Rock
      “When things go wrong, you'll find they usually go on getting worse for some time; but when things once start going right they often go on getting better and better.”    ―      C.S. Lewis,  The Horse and His Boy
      “The hardest battle you are ever going to have to fight is the battle to be just you.”    ―      Leo Buscaglia  
      “Kemampuan membaca itu sebuah rahmat. Kegemaran membaca; sebuah kebahagiaan.”    ―      Goenawan Mohamad  
      “Until justice rolls down like water and righteousness like a mighty stream.”    ―      Martin Luther King Jr.  
      “People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. Live your truth and don't EVER stop!”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “Try to find pleasure in the speed that you're not used to. Changing the way you do routine things allows a new person to grow inside of you. But when all is said and done, you're the one who must decide how you handle it.”    ―      Paulo Coelho  
      “The difference between false memories and true ones is thesame as for jewels: it is always the false ones that look themost real, the most brilliant.”    ―      Salvador Dali  
      “Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the mext moment”    ―      Oprah Winfrey  
      “Even if you don't have all the things you want, be grateful for the things you don't have that you don't want (Bob Dylan's dad)”    ―      Bob Dylan,  Chronicles: Volume One
      “even in the loneliest momentsi have been therefor myself.”    ―      Sanober Khan  
      “In the deepest hour of the night, confess to yourself that you would die if you were forbidden to write. And look deep into your heart where it spreads its roots, the answer, and ask yourself, must I write?”    ―      Rainer Maria Rilke,  Letters to a Young Poet
      “Do not act as if you had ten thousand years to throw away. Death stands at your elbow. Be good for something while you live and it is in your power.”    ―      Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations
      “Accept whatever comes to you woven in the pattern of your destiny, for what could more aptly fit your needs?”    ―      Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations
      “What fire does not destroy, it hardens”    ―      Oscar Wilde,  The Picture of Dorian Gray
      “It is the useless things that make life worth living and that make life dangerous too: wine, love, art, beauty. Without them life is safe, but not worth bothering with.”    ―      Stephen Fry,  Moab Is My Washpot
      “Forgiveness is God's greatest gift”    ―      Dan Brown,  The Da Vinci Code
      “Safety, stability--it's an illusion. It's a false god, Simon. It's like clinging to a sinking raft instead of learning to swim.”    ―      Rainbow Rowell,  Carry On
      “Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can, there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.”    ―      Sarah Caldwell  
      “Is it easy? Usually not. But you don't forgive people for their benefit. You do it for your benefit.”    ―      Andrew Matthews  
      “The heart may freeze, or it can burn. The pain will ease and I can learn. There is no future, there is no past. I live this moment as, my last.”    ―      Jonathan Larson,  Rent: The Complete Book and Lyrics of the Broadway Musical
      “Sometimes you have to steer away from the crowd in order to be a better person. It's not always easy, that's for sure. But it's right. And sometimes doing the right thing feels good, even if it does end up in a trip to the principal's office.”    ―      Simone Elkeles,  Leaving Paradise
      “Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it on to future generations.”    ―      George Bernard Shaw  
      “Let's start a new tomorrow, today.”    ―      Neil Gaiman,  Anansi Boys
      “Is there any real purpose in being alive if all we are going to do is get up every day and live only for ourselves?Live your life to help others. Give & live selflessly.”    ―      Joyce Meyer  
      “Team work makes the dream work”    ―      Rap Monster  
      “An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity.”    ―      Martin Luther King Jr.  
      “It is much easier to be brave if you do not know everything.”    ―      Lois Lowry  
      “If you want to catch beasts you don't see every day,You have to go places quite out of the way,You have to go places no others can get to.You have to get cold and you have too get wet, too.”    ―      Dr. Seuss  
      “My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.”    ―      Jim Henson  
      “Aslan: You doubt your value. Don't run from who you are.”    ―      C.S. Lewis,  Prince Caspian
      “Give your weakness to one who helps.”    ―      Rumi  
      “You don't know, oh, ohYou don't know you're beautiful.”    ―      One Direction  
      “Hanya orang-orang dengan hati damailah yang boleh menerima kejadian buruk dengan lega.”    ―      Tere Liye,  Rembulan Tenggelam Di Wajahmu
      “Stand up and walk. Move on. After all, you have perfect legs to stand on.”    ―      Arakawa Hiromu  
      “And by and by Christopher Robin came to the end of things, and he was silent, and he sat there, looking out over the world, just wishing it wouldn't stop.”    ―      A.A. Milne,  The House at Pooh Corner
      “Dead yesterdays and unborn tomorrows, why fret about it, if today be sweet.”    ―      Omar Khayyâm  
      “I realized it for the first time in my life: there is nothing but mystery in the world, how it hides behind the fabric of our poor, browbeat days, shining brightly, and we don't even know it.”    ―      Sue Monk Kidd,  The Secret Life of Bees
      “Life is at its best when everything has fallen out of place, and you decide that you're going to fight to get them right, not when everything is going your way and everyone is praising you.”    ―      Thisuri Wanniarachchi  
      “You must understand: they fear you. There is nothing scarier in their minds than a girl who knows the power of her flames.”    ―      Nikita Gill  
      “We have no right to express an opinion until we know all of the answers.”    ―      Kurt Cobain  
      “The Man who says he can, and the man who says he can not.. Are both correct”    ―      Confucius  
      “Today is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again.”    ―      Eleanor Roosevelt  
      “Excelsior!”    ―      Stan Lee  
      “Do you have to make me feel like there's nothing left of me? You can take everything I have, you can break everything I am, like I am made of glass, like I am made of paper.Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground like a Skyscraper...”    ―      Demi Lovato  
      “You ask, what is our aim? I can answer in one word. It is victory, victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory, however long and hard the road may be; for without victory, there is no survival.”    ―      Winston Churchill   
      “When you chase a dream, you learn about yourself. You learn your capabilities and limitations, and the value of hard work and persistence.”    ―      Nicholas Sparks,  Three Weeks With My Brother
      “if you don't have peace, it isn't because someone took it from you; you gave it away. You cannot always control what happens to you, but you can control what happens in you.”    ―      John C. Maxwell,  Be a People Person
      “You have to teach your heart and mind how to sing together... then you'll hear the sound of your soul”    ―      Renee Carlino,  Sweet Thing
      “All paths are present, always... and we can but choose among them.”    ―      Jacqueline Carey,  Kushiel's Chosen
      “When we are most alone is when we embrace another's loneliness.”    ―      Mitch Albom,  The Time Keeper
      “Each of us is full of shit in our own special way. We are all shitty little snowflakes dancing in the universe.”    ―      Lewis Black,  Me of Little Faith
      “Stand firm in the Lord. Stand firm and let Him fight your battle. Do not try to fight alone.”    ―      Francine Rivers,  A Voice in the Wind
      “Nite Owl II: But the country's disintegrating. What's happened to America? What's happened to the American dream?The Comedian: It came true. You're lookin' at it.”    ―      Alan Moore,  Watchmen
      “Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.”    ―      Les Brown  
      “If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “For the future, the motto is, "No days unalert.”    ―      Robert Greene,  The 48 Laws of Power
      “Yet he who reigns within himself, and rulesPassions, desires, and fears, is more a king.”    ―      John Milton,  Paradise Regained
      “He who binds to himself a joyDoes the winged life destroy;But he who kisses the joy as it fliesLives in eternity's sun rise.”    ―      William Blake   
      “Christ is not valued at all, unless he is valued above all.”    ―      Augustine  
      “Real courage is doing the right thing when nobody's looking. Doing the unpopular thing because it's what you believe, and the heck with everybody.”    ―      Justin Cronin,  The Summer Guest
      “The shell must break before the bird can fly.”    ―      Alfred Lord Tennyson  
      “We are at our most powerful the moment we no longer need to be powerful.”    ―      Eric Micha'el Leventhal  
      “I want a tattoo over my heart that reads TRY HARDER YOU LAZY PARAMEDIC SHITBAG OR I WILL HAUNT YOUR BEDROOM FOREVER”    ―      Warren Ellis  
      “Genius is eternal patience. ”    ―      Michelangelo Buonarroti  
      “A rose by any other name would smell as sweet.”    ―      William Shakespeare,  Romeo and Juliet
      “They alone live, who live for others.”    ―      Swami Vivekananda  
      “Don't lose heart if it's very difficult at times, everything will come out all right and nobody can in the beginning do as he wishes.”    ―      Vincent Willem van Gogh,  The Letters of Vincent van Gogh
      “Unconditional Love conquers all!”    ―      Aimee Cabo Nikolov,  Love is the Answer God is the Cure
      “Write to please just one person. If you open a window and make love to the world, so to speak, your story will get pneumonia.”    ―      Kurt Vonnegut,  Bagombo Snuff Box
      “A man, though wise, should never be ashamed of learning more, and must unbend his mind.”    ―      Sophocles,  Antigone
      “The fallen angel becomes a malignant devil. Yet even that enemy of God and man had friends and associates in his desolation; I am alone.”    ―      Mary Shelley,  Frankenstein
      “Nothing happens while you live. The scenery changes, people come in and go out, that's all. There are no beginnings. Days are tacked on to days without rhyme or reason, an interminable, monotonous addition.”    ―      Jean-Paul Sartre,  Nausea
      “Don't forget, a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated.”    ―      H. Jackson Brown Jr.,  Life's Little Instruction Book: 511 Suggestions, Observations, and Reminders on How to Live a Happy and Rewarding Life
      “Only two things can reveal life's great secrets: suffering and love.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  Aleph
      “Muscles aching to work, minds aching to create - this is man.”    ―      John Steinbeck,  The Grapes of Wrath
      “Sad stories make good books”    ―      Khaled Hosseini,  The Kite Runner
      “Successful people don't have fewer problems. They have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward.”    ―      Ben Carson,  Gifted Hands: The Ben Carson Story
      “Miracles do not, in fact, break the laws of nature.”    ―      C.S. Lewis,  Miracles
      “Understanding is the reward of faith. Therefore, seek not to understand that you may believe, but believe that you may understand.”    ―      St. Augustine of Hippo  
      “When the world pushes you to your knees, you're in the perfect position to pray”    ―      Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S  
      “A lot of people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could”    ―      Zig Ziglar  
      “If you would not be forgotten, as soon as you are dead and rotten, either write things worth reading, or do things worth writing.”    ―      Benjamin Franklin,  Poor Richard's Almanack
      “Life is very short, and there's no time for fussing and fighting my friends”    ―      John Lennon  
      “Your need for acceptance can make you invisible in this world. Don't let anything stand in the way of the light that shines through this form. Risk being seen in all of your glory.”    ―      Jim Carrey  
      “The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.”    ―      Amelia Earhart  
      “Sometimes letting go is simply changing the labels you place on an event. Looking at the same event with fresh eyes.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “Keep your mind open. The meaning of things lies in how people perceive them. The same thing could mean different meanings to the same people at different times.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Some people insist that 'mediocre' is better than 'best.' They delight in clipping wings because they themselves can't fly. They despise brains because they have none.”    ―      Robert A. Heinlein,  Have Space Suit—Will Travel
      “When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful.”    ―      Eric Thomas,  The Secret to Success
      “My love is something valuable to me which I ought not to throw away without reflection.”    ―      Sigmund Freud,  Civilization and Its Discontents
      “If you want to change the fruits, you will first have to change the roots. If you want to change the visible, you must first change the invisible.”    ―      T. Harv Eker,  Secrets of the Millionaire Mind: Mastering the Inner Game of Wealth
      “she was glad she had been scarred. She said that whoever loved her now would love her true self, and not her pretty face.”    ―      Cassandra Clare,  Clockwork Angel
      “And the fox said to the little prince: men have forgotten this truth, but you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.”    ―      Antoine de Saint-Exupery  
      “Blessed are the weird people: poets, misfits, writersmystics, painters, troubadoursfor they teach us to see the world through different eyes.”    ―      Jacob Nordby,  Pearls of Wisdom: 30 Inspirational Ideas to live your best life now
      “Loyalty and obedience to wisdom and justice are fine; but it is still finer to defy arbitrary power, unjustly and cruelly used--not on behalf of ourselves, but on behalf of others more helpless.”    ―      Elizabeth Gaskell,  North and South
      “Small is the number of them that see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts.”    ―      Albert Einstein  
      “When you are used to the kind of life -of never getting anything you want- you stop knowing what it is you want.”    ―      Haruki Murakami,  The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle
      “Somewhere along the way we all go a bit mad. So burn, let go and dive into the horror, because maybe it’s the chaos which helps us find where we belong.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “I am larger, better than I thought; I did not know I held so much goodness.All seems beautiful to me.Whoever denies me, it shall not trouble me;	Whoever accepts me, he or she shall be blessed, and shall bless me.”    ―      Walt Whitman,  Leaves of Grass
      “There is no such thing as a child who hates to read; there are only children who have not found the right book.”    ―      Frank Serafini  
      “People trust their eyes above all else - but most people see what they wish to see, or what they believe they should see; not what is really there”    ―      Zoë Marriott,  Shadows on the Moon
      “Ends are for yesterday, not tomorrows.”    ―      Mitch Albom,  The Time Keeper
      “Argue not concerning God,…re-examine all that you have been told at church or school or in any book, dismiss whatever insults your soul…”    ―      Walt Whitman  
      “That is the hardest thing of all. It is much harder to judge yourself than to judge others. If you succeed in judging yourself, it's because you're truly a wise man.”    ―      Antoine de Saint Exupéry  
      “She was like the sun, She knew her place in the world - She would shine again regardless of all the storms and changeable weather She wouldn't adjust her purpose for things that pass.”    ―      Nikki Rowe  
      “Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. ”    ―      John R Wooden  
      “be it peace or happinesslet it enfold you”    ―      Charles Bukowski  
      “Great acts are made up of small deeds.”    ―      Lao-Tzu  
      “Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand.”    ―      Khalil Gibran  
      “Life is fragile and temporary. The faces of today quickly become the faces of the past. Sorrow, pain, and anger... it all fades- except love. Love is forever and there after, even when we've fallen to our graves.”    ―      Lee Argus  
      “Believe me, It would be better if we didn't meet again. Go back to school. Go back to your life. And next time they ask you, say no. Killing is for grown-ups and you're still a child.”    ―      Anthony Horowitz,  Stormbreaker
      “I am not afraid... I was born to do this.”    ―      Joan of Arc  
      “A daily dose of daydreaming heals the heart, soothes the soul, and strengthens the imagination.”    ―      Richelle E. Goodrich,  Smile Anyway: Quotes, Verse, and Grumblings for Every Day of the Year
      “I don't look for love. Love looks for me." "Why?" "Because it needs me. Because I'm not afraid of it.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “Until you have suffered much in your heart, you cannot learn humility.”    ―      Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica,  Our Thoughts Determine Our Lives:  The Life and Teachings of Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica
      “... what you learn today, for no reason at all, will help you discover all the wonderful secrets of tomorrow.”    ―      Norton Juster,  The Phantom Tollbooth
      “In definitiv, cu cat vei ridica un zid mai inalt in jurul tau cu atat va fi mai bun cel care-l va sari.”    ―      Tudor Chirilă,  Exerciţii de echilibru
      “He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior.”    ―      Confucius  
      “There's only one rule that I know of, babies—God damn it, you've got to be kind.”    ―      Kurt Vonnegut,  God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater
      “Do more than belong: participate. Do more than care: help. Do more than believe: practice. Do more than be fair: be kind. Do more than forgive: forget. Do more than dream: work.”    ―      William Arthur Ward  
      “I am a strong believer in the tyranny, the dictatorship, the absolute authority of the writer.”    ―      Philip Pullman  
      “What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.”    ―      Norman Vincent Peale  
      “Gratitude is a sign of maturity...Where there is appreciation: there is also courtesy and concern for the rights and property of others.”    ―      Gordon B. Hinckley  
      “Quietly endure, silently suffer and patiently wait.”    ―      Martin Luther King Jr.,  Why We Can't Wait
      “An education is not so much about making a living as making a person.”    ―      Tara Westover,  Educated
      “Never apologize for burning too brightly or collapsing into yourself every night. That is how galaxies are made.”    ―      Tyler Kent White  
      “I close my eyes  and I can see a better day.  I close my eyes  and pray”    ―      Justin Bieber  
      “I understood what he was doing, that he had spent four years fulfilling the absurd and tedious duty of graduating from college and now he was emancipated from that world of abstraction, false security, parents, and material excess.”    ―      Jon Krakauer,  Into the Wild
      “Anyone who is steady in his determination for the advanced stage of spiritual realization and can equally tolerate the onslaughts of distress and happiness is certainly a person eligible for liberation.”    ―      A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada,  The Bhagavad-gita
      “But what is life if you don't live it?”    ―      James Patterson,  Suzanne's Diary for Nicholas
      “I only hope that we never lose sight of one thing — that it was all started by a mouse.”    ―      Walt Disney Company  
      “People will always have opinions about your decision because they're not courageous enough to take action on their opinion.”    ―      Steve Maraboli  
      “To save all we must risk all.”    ―      Friedrich von Schiller,  Fiesco; or, the Genoese Conspiracy
      “Madness and chaos are self-destructing but over thinking is the suicide.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “Live authentically. Why would you continue to compromise something that's beautiful to create something that is fake?”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “In the end, everything is a gag.”    ―      Charlie Chaplin  
      “When someone is trying very hard to get something, they don't. And when they're running away from something as hard as they can, it usually catches up with them.”    ―      Haruki Murakami,  Kafka on the Shore
      “Our Age of Anxiety is, in great part, the result of trying to do today’s jobs with yesterday’s tools!”    ―      Marshall McLuhan  
      “At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.”    ―      Albert Schweitzer  
      “As the smoke clears,I awaken,And untangle you from me.Would it make you feel betterTo watch me, while I bleed?All my windows still are broken,But I'm standing on my feet.”    ―      Demi Lovato  
      “Sometimes small things can become very large, indeed.”    ―      Rick Riordan  
      “You can’t save anyone who wouldn’t save themselves without you. It’s thehardest lesson to learn in life, take it from me.”    ―      Marc Jampole  
      “In order to write the book you want to write, in the end you have to become the person you need to become to write that book.”    ―      Junot Diaz  
      “Life did not stop, and one had to live.”    ―      Leo Tolstoy,  War and Peace
      “We are what we believe we are!”    ―      C.S. Lewis  
      “Work is love made visible. And if you can't work with love, but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of the people who work with joy”    ―      Khalil Gibran  
      “You can't do anything about the length of your life, but you can do something about its width and depth.”    ―      H. L. Mencken  
      “Freedom is...the right to write the wrong words.”    ―      Patti Smith  
      “You lose nothing when fighting for a cause ... In my mind the losers are those who don't have a cause they care about.”    ―      Muhammad Ali  
      “We have been called to heal wounds, to unite what has fallen apart, and to bring home those who have lost their way.”    ―      St. Francis of Assisi  
      “Having an eye for beauty isn't the same thing as a weakness...except possibly when it comes to you.”    ―      Suzanne Collins  
      “You can't go home again”    ―      Thomas Wolfe  
      “The world is wide, and I will not waste my life in friction when it could be turned into momentum. ”    ―      Frances Willard  
      “Pressure makes diamonds”    ―      George S. Patton Jr.  
      “Arise, awake, stop not till the goal is reached.”    ―      Swami Vivekananda,  Meditation and Its Methods According to Swami Vivekananda
      “when you don't create things, you become defined by your tastes rather than ability. your tastes only narrow & exclude people. so create.”    ―      Why The Lucky Stiff  
      “Every time I thought I was being rejected from something good, I was actually being re-directed to something better.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “Do your work, then step back. The only path to serenity.”    ―      Lao Tzu  
      “If they give you ruled paper, write the other way.”    ―      Juan Ramón Jiménez  
      “Happiness is pretty simple: someone to love, something to do, something to look forward to.”    ―      Rita Mae Brown,  Hiss of Death
      “Never give up on what you really want to do. The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts.”    ―      H. Jackson Brown Jr.,  Life's Little Instruction Book: 511 Suggestions, Observations, and Reminders on How to Live a Happy and Rewarding Life
      “If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on.”    ―      Sheryl Sandberg  
      “It is one of the beautiful compensations of life that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson  
      “All young people, regardless of sexual orientation or identity, deserve a safe and supportive environment in which to achieve their full potential.”    ―      Harvey Milk  
      “Heaven wheels above you, displaying to you her eternal glories, and still your eyes are on the ground”    ―      Dante Alighieri  
      “My experiences have taught me that things rarely improve with a simple change of scenery.”    ―      Pittacus Lore,  The Power of Six
      “Go out in the woods, go out. If you don't go out in the woods nothing will ever happen and your life will never begin.”    ―      Clarissa Pinkola Estés,  Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype
      “Forgive yourself before you die. Then forgive others.”    ―      Mitch Albom,  Tuesdays with Morrie
      “Status quo, you know, is Latin for 'the mess we're in'.”    ―      Ronald Reagan  
      “Spend the afternoon, you can't take it with you.”    ―      Annie Dillard  
      “Only when I fall do I get up again.”    ―      Vincent van Gogh  
      “When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favour.”    ―      Elon Musk  
      “What a wonderful life I’ve had! I only wish I’d realized it sooner.”    ―      Colette  
      “I believe that God is in me as the sun is in the colour and fragrance of a flower - the Light in my darkness, the Voice in my silence.”    ―      Helen Keller  
      “God has given us more than fourteen billion cells and connections in our brain. Why would God give us such a complex organ system unless he expects us to use it?”    ―      Ben Carson  
      “It is quite a revelation to discover that the place you wanted to escape to is the exact same place you escaped from. That the prison wasn't the place, but the perspective.”    ―      Matt Haig,  The Midnight Library
      “Avoid loud and aggressive persons,they are vexations to the spirit.”    ―      Max Ehrmann,  Desiderata: A Poem for a Way of Life
      “Tomorrow belongs to those who can hear it coming”    ―      David Bowie  
      “A graceful refusal is better than a lengthy promise.”    ―      Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S  
      “Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
      “There is a road from the eye to the heart that does not go through the intellect.”    ―      G.K. Chesterton  
      “The first and best victory is to conquer self”    ―      Plato  
      “Day, the champion of the people, the one who can't bear to see those around him suffer on his behalf, who would gladly give his life for those he loves.”    ―      Marie Lu,  Champion
      “Love has no limitations. It cannot be measured. It has no boundaries. Although many have tried, love is indefinable.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “Keep your dreams, you never know when you might need them.”    ―      Carlos Ruiz Zafón,  The Shadow of the Wind
      “You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore”    ―      André Gide  
      “and here you are living despite it all”    ―      Rupi Kaur,  The Sun and Her Flowers
      “To ugly ducklings everywhere,Don't worry about those fluffy yellow morons:They'll never get to be swans”    ―      Zoë Marriott,  The Swan Kingdom
      “Beauty is not who you are on the outside, it is the wisdom and time you gave away to save another struggling soul like you.”    ―      Shannon L. Alder  
      “The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.”    ―      Walter Bagehot   
      “Every person has a right to risk their own life for the preservation of it.”    ―      Jean Jacques Rousseau  
      “know what you want, work to get it, then value it once you have it.”    ―      Nora Roberts,  Morrigan's Cross
      “You are a cosmic flower. Om chanting is the process of opening the psychic petals of that flower.”    ―      Amit Ray,  Om Chanting and Meditation
      “Quit being so hard on yourself. We are what we are; we love what we love. We don't need to justify it to anyone... not even to ourselves.”    ―      Scott Lynch,  The Republic of Thieves
      “Never give a sword to a man who can't dance.”    ―      Confucius,  The Analects
      “Forgive me for being so ordinary while claiming to know so extraordinary a God.”    ―      Jim Elliot  
      “I would court you, with all the grace and courtesy that you deserve,”    ―      C.S. Pacat,  Kings Rising
      “Do not yearn to be popular; be exquisite. Do not desire to be famous; be loved. Do not take pride in being expected; be palpable, unmistakable.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “… Without a sense of identity, there can be no real struggle…”    ―      Paulo Freire,  Pedagogy of the Oppressed
      “You are beautiful. Know this. Anyone who tells you otherwise is simply lying. You are beautiful.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “If you are still breathing maybe it is not such a bad day after all...”    ―      Darren E. Laws  
      “Confine yourself to the present.”    ―      Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations
      “Imagine others complexly.”    ―      John Green,  Paper Towns
      “If you set yourself to it, you can live the same life, rich or poor. You can keep on with your books and your ideas. You just got to say to yourself, "I'm a free man in here" - he tapped his forehead - "and you're all right.”    ―      George Orwell,  Down and Out in Paris and London
      “If you feel far from God, guess who moved?”    ―      Robin Jones Gunn,  Surprise Endings
      “Every beginning has an end and every end is a new beginning.”    ―      Santosh Kalwar,  Quote Me Everyday
      “the moment you don't feel like praying, get on your knees. And the moment you don't feel like reading your bible, you'd better get that Book open.”    ―      Lori Wick,  Where the Wild Rose Blooms
      “It is a very natural human trait to destroy that which frightens us.”    ―      Laurell K. Hamilton,  Guilty Pleasures
      “A young outcast will often feel that there is something wrong with himself, but as he gets older, grows more confident in who he is, he will adapt, he will begin to feel that there is something wrong with everyone else.”    ―      Criss Jami,  Killosophy
      “They say that every snowflake is different. If that were true, how could the world go on? How could we ever get up off our knees? How could we ever recover from the wonder of it?”    ―      Jeanette Winterson  
      “In the beginner’s mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert’s there are few”    ―      Shunryu Suzuki,  Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind: Informal Talks on Zen Meditation and Practice
      “A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.”    ―      Franklin D. Roosevelt  
      “There is only one day left, always starting over: It is given to us at dawn and taken away from us at dusk.”    ―      Jean-Paul Sartre  
      “The true miracle lies in our eagerness to allow, appreciate, and honor the uniqueness, and freedom of each sentient being to sing the song of their heart.”    ―      Amit Ray,  Meditation: Insights and Inspirations
      “She remembered who she wasand the game changed.”    ―      Lalah Delia  
      “Make every effort to change things you do not like. If you cannot make a change, change the way you have been thinking. You might find a new solution.”    ―      Maya Angelou,  Letter to My Daughter
      “Grace is what picks me up and lifts my wings high above and I fly! Grace always conquers! Be graceful in everything; in anger, in sadness, in joy, in kindness, in unkindness, retain grace with you!”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “Your opinion is not my reality.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “Fairness does not mean everyone gets the same. Fairness means everyone gets what they need.”    ―      Rick Riordan,  The Red Pyramid
      “She is delightfully chaotic; a beautiful mess. Loving her is a splendid adventure.”    ―      Steve Maraboli  
      “To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.”    ―      Anatole France  
      “I've done my best, and I begin to understand what is meant by 'the joy of strife'. Next to trying and winning, the best thing is trying and failing.”    ―      L.M. Montgomery,  Anne of Green Gables
      “We all can be only who we are, no more, no less.”    ―      Terry Goodkind,  Stone of Tears
      “You are doing the best you can, and that best results in good to yourself and to others. Do not nag yourself with a sense of failure. Get on your knees and ask for the blessings of the Lord;then stand on your feet and do what you are asked to do.”    ―      Gordon B. Hinckley  
      “If your life is worth thinking about,it is worth writing about.”    ―      Robin Sharma  
      “When you stop being afraid you feel good”    ―      Spencer Johnson,  Who Moved My Cheese?
      “Love was that way. You could not render it in black or white. It always came down to the strange, blended shades of grey.”    ―      Jodi Picoult  
      “errare humanum est, sed perseverare diabolicum: 'to err is human, but to persist (in the mistake) is diabolical.”    ―      Lucius Annaeus Seneca  
      “Books fall open, you fall in”    ―      David McCord  
      “You start by writing to live. You end by writing so as not to die.”    ―      Carlos Fuentes  
      “Fear and realisation of ignorance, strong medicines against stupid pride.”    ―      Garth Nix,  Sabriel
      “I have never felt that anything really mattered but knowing that you stood for the things in which you believed and had done the very best you could.”    ―      Eleanor Roosevelt  
      “Things will change: you won't feel this way forever. And anyway, sometimes the hardest lessons to learn are the ones your soul needs most.”    ―      Kelly Cutrone,  If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You
      “If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “... it’s a blessed thing to love and feel loved in return.”    ―      E.A. Bucchianeri,  Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,
      “But what if Shakespeare― and Hamlet― were asking the wrong question? What if the real question is not whether to be, but how to be?”    ―      Gayle Forman,  Just One Day
      “Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to others.”    ―      Buddha  
      “He who jumps into the void owes no explanation to those who stand and watch.”    ―      Jean-Luc Godard   
      “A lot of the conflict you have in your life exists simply because you're not living in alignment; you're not be being true to yourself.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “What the soul hardly realizes is that, unbeliever or not, his loneliness is really a homesickness for God.”    ―      Hubert Van Zeller  
      “Read. Read anything. Read the things they say are good for you, and the things they claim are junk. You'll find what you need to find. Just read.”    ―      Neil Gaiman  
      “the purpose of life is the life of purpose”    ―      Robin Sharma,  The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari
      “If you think your boss is stupid, remember: you wouldn’t have a job if he was any smarter.”    ―      John Gottman 
      “What the society thinks is of no interest to me. All that's important is how I see myself. I know who who I am. I know the value of my work.”    ―      Robin Sharma,  The Leader Who Had No Title: A Modern Fable on Real Success in Business and in
      “No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed at some indefinite time in the future.”    ―      George S. Patton Jr.  
      “How would your life be different if…You stopped validating your victim mentality? Let today be the day…You shake off your self-defeating drama and embrace your innate ability to recover and achieve.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “May the fleas of a thousand camels invade the crotch of the person that ruins your day. And may their arms be to short too scratch”    ―      Keisha Keenleyside  
      “We are constantly invited to be what we are.”    ―      Henry David Thoreau  
      “You are a human with one life and its up to you to make it the best life you can.”    ―      Dan Howell  
      “90% of the game is half mental.”    ―      Yogi Berra ,  The Yogi Book : I Really Didn't Say Everything I Said
      “A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.”    ―      Yoko Ono,  Grapefruit: A Book of Instructions and Drawings
      “Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Pesimistik tidak lebih daripada sikap takbur mendahului nasib.”    ―      Andrea Hirata,  Sang Pemimpi
      “A rose can never be a sunflower, and a sunflower can never be a rose.All flowers are beautiful in their own way, and that’s like women too. I want to encourage women to embrace their own uniqueness.”    ―      Miranda Kerr  
      “I want to be free Michael, just for once in my whole life I want to be free" "You are free. You just don't know it yet”    ―      Francine Rivers,  Redeeming Love
      “God helps those who strut their stuff.”    ―      Dan Sofer,  A Love and Beyond
      “For what it's worth, I think happiness is a fleeting condition, not a permanent state of goddamn mind. I've learned that if you chase after moments of bliss here and there, sometimes those moments will sustain you through the shit.”    ―      Tiffanie DeBartolo,  How to Kill a Rock Star
      “The purpose of life is not to be happy—but to matter, to be productive, to be useful, to have it make some difference that you lived at all.”    ―      Leo Rosten  
      “Despite my ghoulish reputation, I really have the heart of a small boy. I keep it in a jar on my desk.”    ―      Robert Bloch  
      “Hard work beats talent when talent fails to work hard.”    ―      Kevin Durant  
      “Undisturbed calmness of mind is attained by cultivating friendliness toward the happy, compassion for the unhappy, delight in the virtuous, and indifference toward the wicked.”    ―      Patanjali,  The Yoga Sutras of Patanjali
      “You don't have to be great to get started, but you have to get started to be great.”    ―      Les Brown,  The Power of Purpose
      “I know I'm not going to be in your head all the time. But once you know me, I'll be forever in your heart. ”    ―      Crystal Woods,  Write like no one is reading
      “Boredom can be a lethal thing on a small island.”    ―      Christopher Moore,  Island of the Sequined Love Nun
      “Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.”    ―      William Faulkner  
      “There is force in the universe, which, if we permit it, will flow through us and produce miraculous results.”    ―      Mahatma Gandhi  
      “The less you reveal, the more people can wonder.”    ―      Emma Watson  
      “God will not have his work made manifest by cowards”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson,  Self-Reliance
      “Make your interactions with people transformational, not just transactional.”    ―      Patti Smith  
      “When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “Dancing in all its forms cannot be excluded from the curriculum of all noble education; dancing with the feet, with ideas, with words, and, need I add that one must also be able to dance with the pen?”    ―      Friedrich Nietzsche  
      “The greatest blessing granted to mankind come by way of madness, which is a divine gift.”    ―      Socrates   
      “I should have learned this, she thought. I wanted to learn fire, and pain, but I should have learned people.”    ―      Terry Pratchett,  I Shall Wear Midnight
      “You will have to make up for the smallness of your size by your courage and selfless devotion to duty, for it is not life that matters, but the courage, fortitude and determination you bring to it.”    ―      Muhammad Ali Jinnah  
      “Total paranoia is just total awareness.”    ―      Charles Manson  
      “Me, I want to bloody kick this moronic bloody world in the bloody teeth over and over till it bloody understands that not hurting people is ten bloody thousand times more bloody important than being right.”    ―      David Mitchell,  Black Swan Green
      “It had never occurred to me that our lives, which had been so closely interwoven, could unravel with such speed.”    ―      Kazuo Ishiguro  
      “There's no point in wishing. We can't change anything about the past. We can only remember. We can only move forward.”    ―      Emily X.R. Pan,  The Astonishing Color of After
      “If you remember nothing else, remember this: Inspiration from outside one's self is like the heat in an oven. It makes passable Bath buns. But inspiration from within is like a volcano: It changes the face of the world.”    ―      Alan Bradley,  The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag
      “Life is 10 percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.”    ―      Lou Holtz  
      “It's okay to be a loser, it just depends on how good you are at being one.”    ―      Billie Joe Armstrong  
      “If you care about someone enough, you’ll always be there for them no matter what.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Those who travel to mountain-tops are half in love with themselves, and half in love with oblivion.”    ―      Robert Macfarlane,  Mountains of the Mind: A History of a Fascination
      “For the world is in a bad state, but everything will become still worse unless each of us does his best.”    ―      Viktor E. Frankl,  Man's Search for Meaning
      “Libraries store the energy that fuels the imagination. They open up windows to the world and inspire us to explore and achieve, and contribute to improving our quality of life. Libraries change lives for the better.”    ―      Sidney Sheldon  
      “Many people pray to be kept out of unexpected problems. Some people pray to be able to confront and overcome them.”    ―      Toba Beta [Betelgeuse Incident],  Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza
      “Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Scars show us where we have been, they do not dictate where we are going.”    ―      David Rossi  
      “Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourslef or to gossip about others. Use your power of your word in the direction of truth and love.”    ―      Don Miguel Ruiz,  The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom
      “Fortune does favor the bold and you'll never know what you're capable of if you don't try.”    ―      Sheryl Sandberg,  Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead
      “Don't turn over the rocks if you don't want to see the pale creatures who live under them.”    ―      Janet Fitch,  White Oleander
      “I attribute my success to this:—I never gave or took an excuse.”    ―      Florence Nightingale  
      “Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.”    ―      Les Brown  
      “He who speaks without an attentive ear is mute.”    ―      Stephen King,  The Dark Tower
      “My goal is this: always to put myself in the place in which I am best able to serve, wherever my gifts and qualities find the best soil to grow, the widest field of action. There is no other goal.”    ―      Hermann Hesse,  Narcissus and Goldmund
      “Fear not the path of Truth for the lack of People walking on it.”    ―      Robert F. Kennedy  
      “All I have is all I need and all I need is all I have in this moment.”    ―      Byron Katie  
      “I wish I could make him understand that a loving good heart is riches enough, and that without it intellect is poverty.”    ―      Mark Twain,  The Diaries of Adam and Eve
      “Become the leader of your life. Lead yourself to where you want to be. Breathe life back into your ambitions, your desires, your goals, your relationships.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.”    ―      Benito Mussolini  
      “Man is a being in search of meaning.”    ―      Plato  
      “You don't always have to kiss a lot of frogs to recognize a prince when you find one -Henrietta Barett”    ―      Julia Quinn,  Minx
      “Some want to live within the soundOf church or chapel bell;I want to run a rescue shop,Within a yard of hell.”    ―      C.T. Studd  
      “You can't change the wind but you can set your sails.”    ―      Billie Joe Armstrong  
      “Be yourself. Don't worry about what other people are thinking of you, because they're probably feeling the same kind of scared, horrible feelings that everyone does.”    ―      Phil Lester  
      “Each day is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift to Him.”    ―      T.D. Jakes,  Maximize the Moment: God's Action Plan for Your Life
      “We have to pray with our eyes on God, not on the difficulties.”    ―      Oswald Chambers  
      “You are old beyond your years Zoeybird. Believe in yourself and you will find a way. But remember darkness does not always equate to evil just like light does not always bring good.”    ―      P.C. Cast,  Marked
      “I am fallen, flawed and imperfect. Yet drenched in the grace and mercy that is found in Jesus Christ, there is strength”    ―      Adam Young  
      “Most don't deserve your tears... and the ones that do will never make you cry.”    ―      T. Rafael Cimino,  Table 21
      “After all, if you do not resist the apparently inevitable, you will never know how inevitable the inevitable was.”    ―      Terry Eagleton,  Why Marx Was Right
      “May my heart be kind, my mind fierce, and my spirit brave.”    ―      Kate Forsyth,  The Witches of Eileanan
      “Don't feel stupid if you don't like what everyone else pretends to love.”    ―      Emma Watson  
      “Though we tremble before uncertain futuresmay we meet illness, death and adversity with strengthmay we dance in the face of our fears.”    ―      Gloria Anzaldúa  
      “Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.”    ―      Johann Wolfgang von Goethe  
      “If freedom is short of weapons, we must compensate with willpower.”    ―      Adolf Hitler  
      “Yet, even amidst the hatred and carnage, life is still worth living. It is possible for wonderful encounters and beautiful things to exist.”    ―      Hayao Miyazaki  
      “If you hear how wonderful you are often enough, you begin to believe it, no matter how you try to resist it.”    ―      Ben Carson  
      “Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted is the most terrible poverty.”    ―      Mother Teresa  
      “There is no such thing as a great talent without great willpower.”    ―      Honoré de Balzac  
      “Teachers are the one and only people who save nations.”    ―      Mustafa Kemal Atatürk  
      “If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.”    ―      Amit Kalantri  
      “A sailor chooses the wind that takes the ship from a safe port. Ah, yes, but once you're abroad, as you have seen, winds have a mind of their own. Be careful, Charlotte, careful of the wind you choose.”    ―      Avi,  The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle
      “Only one life, ’twill soon be past,Only what’s done for Christ will last.”    ―      C.T. Studd  
      “Nobody ever lives their life all the way up except bullfighters.”    ―      Ernest Hemingway,  The Sun Also Rises
      “That's why I'm sorry. I'm sorry because you shouldn't have to be everything to me. I had you, but I'd forgotten that I had myself too. It's a new feeling, something I'm getting used to.”    ―      Marie Lu,  Champion
      “There is no wealth like knowledge, no poverty like ignorance.”    ―      Ali Bin Abi Thalib  
      “Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “We live out our lives as we are meant to live them-with some choice, with some chance, but mostly as a result of the persons we are.”    ―      Terry Brooks,  The Druid of Shannara
      “Kung matatakot kang harapin ang totoo at sabihin ang talagang nararamdaman mo dahil baka masaktan ka, isa lang ibig sabihin noon: ipinagkait mo na sa sarili mo ang pagiging masaya at kinarir mo ang magpakatanga.”    ―      bob ong  
      “There are not enough days in forever to allow me to fully express the depth of my love for you.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “Day after day, day after day,We stuck, nor breath nor motion;As idle as a painted shipUpon a painted ocean.”    ―      Samuel Taylor Coleridge,  The Rime of the Ancient Mariner
      “I don’t want anyone to hold back who they are. It’s not okay… it’s not a good thing”    ―      Connor Franta  
      “Nobody is exempt from the trials of life, but everyone can always find something positive in everything even in the worst of times.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “If I am truly to become an autonomous woman, then I must take over that role of being my own guardian...I not only have to become my own husband, but I need to be my own father, too.”    ―      Elizabeth Gilbert  
      “Feel your emotions,Live true your passions,Keep still your mind.”    ―      Geoffrey M. Gluckman  
      “Courtesy costs nothing, but buys everything.”    ―      Hazrat Ali ibn Abu-Talib A.S  
      “Rogerson," I asked him sweetly as we sat watching a video in the pool house, "where would I find the pelagic zone?""In the open sea," he said. "Now shut up and eat your Junior Mints.”    ―      Sarah Dessen,  Dreamland
      “My atheism, like that of Spinoza, is true piety towards the universe and denies only gods fashioned by men in their own image, to be servants of their human interests.”    ―      George Santayana,  Soliloquies in England & Later Soliloquies
      “The trouble with fiction," said John Rivers, "is that it makes too much sense. Reality never makes sense.”    ―      Aldous Huxley,  The Genius And The Goddess
      “A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.”    ―      Amit Kalantri,  Wealth of Words
      “With an eye made quiet by the power of harmony, and the deep power of joy, we see into the life of things.”    ―      William Wordsworth  
      “Distance was a dangerous thing, she knew. Distance changed people.”    ―      Rohinton Mistry,  A Fine Balance
      “impossible is not a word”    ―      Obert Skye,  Leven Thumps and the Gateway to Foo
      “Love feels no burden, thinks nothing of its trouble, attempts what is above its strength, pleads no excuse for impossibility, for it thinks all things are lawful for itself and all things are possible”    ―      Thomas A. Kempis  
      “Be humble for you are made of earth. Be noble for you are made of stars.”    ―      Serbian Proverb  
      “Don't be afraid of the shadows, that only means there's a light nearby.”    ―      Evanescence  
      “I am buoyant and expansive and uncontainable--but I always was so, only I never knew it!”    ―      Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni,  The Palace of Illusions
      “Don't go on discussing what a good person should be. Just be one.”    ―      Marcus Aurelius,  Meditations
      “Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.”    ―      Abraham Lincoln,  The Gettysburg Address
      “Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.”    ―      Ashley  Smith  
      “Yes, terrible things happen, but sometimes those terrible things- they save you.”    ―      Chuck Palahniuk,  Haunted
      “Successful people have libraries. The rest have big screen TVs”    ―      Jim Rohn   
      “Storms make trees take deeper roots.”    ―      Dolly Parton  
      “You can fail at what you don't want, so you might as well take a chance on doing what you love.”    ―      Jim Carrey  
      “She was broken, I think it’s because she loved too much and she was always blind to the fact that love too is sometimes broken.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “Vote for the man who promises least; he'll be the least disappointing.”    ―      Bernard Baruch  
      “When life doesn't meet your expectations, it was important to take it with grace.”    ―      Patricia Briggs,  When Demons Walk
      “Because people don't have wings... We look for ways to fly.”    ―      Haruichi Furudate  
      “When I try, I fail. When I trust, He succeeds.”    ―      Corrie ten Boom  
      “It is books that are a key to the wide world; if you can't do anything else, read all that you can.”    ―      Jane Hamilton  
      “Mother is a verb. It's something you do. Not just who you are.”    ―      Cheryl Lacey Donovan,  The Ministry of Motherhood
      “The heart is like a woman, and the head is like a man, and although man is the head of woman, woman is the heart of man, and she turns man's head because she turns his heart.”    ―      Peter Kreeft,  Jesus-Shock
      “Were knowledge all, what were our needTo thrill and faint and sweetly bleed?”    ―      Christopher Brennan  
      “O love, O fire! once he drewWith one long kiss my whole soul throughMy lips, as sunlight drinketh dew.”    ―      Alfred Lord Tennyson  
      “There is no illusion greater than fear.”    ―      Lao Tzu, Tao Teh Ching  
      “When she listened to songs that she loved on the radio, something stirred inside her. A liquid ache spread under her skin, and she walked out of the world like a witch.”    ―      Arundhati Roy,  The God of Small Things
      “Do not fear the thorns in your path, for they draw only corrupt blood.”    ―      Kahlil Gibran  
      “To those who, in spite of everything, still choose goodness”    ―      Marie Lu,  The Midnight Star
      “A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom. ”    ―      Robert Frost  
      “Have faith have faith. When you have nothing else have faith.”    ―      Francine Rivers,  A Voice in the Wind
      “There is only one who is all powerful, and his greatest weapon is love.”    ―      Stan Lee  
      “Don't let anyone take care of you. Can you maybe leave that for me to do? I mean, take care of you? Feel free to take care of me in return... because I think I'll need you to do that.”    ―      Melina Marchetta,  The Piper's Son
      “One must work and dare if one really wants to live.”    ―      Vincent Van Gogh  
      “Hiduplah Untuk Memberi yang Sebanyak-banyaknya, Bukan untuk Menerima yang Sebanyak-banyaknya. (Pak Harfan)”    ―      Andrea Hirata,  Laskar Pelangi
      “Do not become someone else just because you are hurt. Be who you are & smile, it may solve, all problems you have got.”    ―      Santosh Kalwar,  Quote Me Everyday
      “The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Now you people have names. That's because you don't know who you are. We know who we are, so we don't need names.”    ―      Neil Gaiman,  Coraline
      “The whole summer lay ahead of us-time to rest, time to wait. And when the future comes-no matter what comes with it-I'll be smarter. I'll be stronger. I'll be ready.”    ―      Ally Carter,  Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy
      “Four things to learn in life: To think clearly without hurry or confusion; To love everybody sincerely; To act in everything with the highest motives; To trust God unhesitatingly.”    ―      Helen Keller  
      “Love cures people, both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.”    ―      Karl Menninger  
      “Dance like you're stamping on a human face forever, love like you've been in a serious car crash that minced the front of your brain, stab like no one can arrest you, and live like there's no such thing as God.”    ―      Warren Ellis  
      “How strange is man that when he is afraid of something he runs away from it, but when he is afraid of Allah, he gets closer to Him.”    ―      Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S  
      “Have love for your inner Self and everything else is done for you.”    ―      Amit Ray,  Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity
      “How can you trust me, after what your own brother did to you?""Because he was false", said Damen, "and you are true. I have never known a truer man.”    ―      C.S. Pacat,  Kings Rising
      “It's been said that love finds you when you're ready.”    ―      James Patterson; Maxine Paetro  
      “Never follow the crowd.”    ―      Bernard Baruch  
      “Worrying is arrogant because God knows what He's doing.”    ―      Barbara Cameron,  A Time to Heal
      “If I look at the mass I will never act.”    ―      Mother Teresa  
      “Man is born broken. He lives by mending. The grace of God is glue.”    ―      Eugene O'Neill  
      “In spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart. I simply can't build up my hopes on a foundation consisting of confusion, misery and death.”    ―      Anne Frank,  The Diary of a Young Girl
      “The heart of wisdom is tolerance.”    ―      Steven Erikson,  Memories of Ice
      “This new day has greeted us with no rules; unconditional opportunity. Do not dilute the power of this new day with the hardship of yesterday. Greet this day the way it has greeted you; with open arms and endless possibility.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his dreaming meet.”    ―      Victor Hugo  
      “Everytime I plant a seed,he say kill it before it grow, he say kill it before they grow.”    ―      Bob Marley  
      “When I pictured myself, it was always like just an outline in a colouring book, with the inside not yet completed.”    ―      Sarah Dessen  
      “Just for the record: happiness is not bullshit.”    ―      Andrew Sean Greer,  Less
      “Life is short. Kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly”    ―      Paulo Coelho  
      “The sidelines may be safer but life is played on the field”    ―      Wendy Mass,  13 Gifts
      “We never know how high we are till we are called to rise. Then if we are true to form our statures touch the skies.”    ―      Emily Dickinson,  Collected Poems of Emily Dickinson
      “Brimstone once told me that to stay true in the face of evil is a feat of strength.”    ―      Laini Taylor,  Days of Blood & Starlight
      “I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself.”    ―      Robert E. Lee  
      “There isa time to liveand a time to diebut never to reject the moment.”    ―      Lao Tzu  
      “it takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeded.”    ―      Anne Morrow Lindbergh  
      “I’d rather welcome change than cling to the past.”    ―      Robert T. Kiyosaki,  Rich Dad, Poor Dad
      “Something amazing happens when you're in love and don't give a damn about what day it is anymore.”    ―      Chad Sugg  
      “If you don’t have the time to do something right, where are you going to find the time to fix it?”    ―      Stephen King  
      “We're called to be faithful, to take those first difficult steps--and to leave the results up to God.”    ―      Alex  Harris  
      “It is foolish to tear one’s hair in grief, as though sorrow would be made less by baldness.”    ―      Marcus Tullius Cicero  
      “So what? You're another person, so of course you look different. What do you need to be ashamed for?”    ―      Yana Toboso  
      “Society will always be too fragile to accept us for all that makes us beautiful.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “Appreciate the moment of a first kiss; it may be the last time you own your heart.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “Man jadda wajadaSiapa yang bersungguh - sungguh, akan berhasil”    ―      Ahmad Fuadi  
      “What she had long believed was not true, and now the world was wide open to discover what was.It is like all my life I thought the sky was green.”    ―      Shannon Hale  
      “A great human revolution in just a single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a nation and, further, can even enable a change in the destiny of all humankind.”    ―      Daisaku Ikeda,  The Human Revolution
      “It occurred to me by intuition, and music was the driving force behind that intuition. My discovery was the result of musical perception.”    ―      Albert Einstein  
      “I want you to have big dreams, big goals. I want you to strive to achieve them. But I don't want to see you beating yourself up every time you make a mistake.”    ―      Kelley Armstrong,  The Gathering
      “The More we value things, the less we value ourselves”    ―      Bruce Lee  
      “Strength is Life, Weakness is Death.Expansion is Life, Contraction is Death.Love is Life, Hatred is Death.”    ―      Swami Vivekananda  
      “I don't regret the painful times; I bare my scars as if they were medals.”    ―      Paolo Coelho  
      “A thing worth having is a thing worth cheating for.”    ―      W.C. Fields  
      “Better to shun the bait than struggle in the snare.”    ―      William Blake  
      “Read books. Care about things. Get excited. Try not to be too down on youself. Enjoy the ever present game of knowing.”    ―      Hank Green  
      “You don't win races by wishing, you win them by running faster than everyone else does.”    ―      Philip Pullman,  Clockwork
      “If there never was a night or day and memories could fade away, then we'd be nothing left but the dreams we made”    ―      Selena Gomez  
      “Onward and Upward! To Narnia and the North!”    ―      C.S. Lewis,  The Horse and His Boy
      “It has always seemed to me that a coward is a person who cares more about what people say than about what is right. Bravery isn't about what people call you, Spensa. It's about who you know yourself to be.”    ―      Brandon Sanderson,  Skyward
      “People are always telling me that i'm not like other girls...that i dont dress like other girls...that i dont act like other girls. But i'm my OWN person...i go to the beat of my own drum.”    ―      Miley Cyrus  
      “I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.”    ―      John Cage  
      “I do like the world quite a lot.”    ―      Shannon Hale,  Book of a Thousand Days
      “Go and get your things,' he said. 'Dreams mean work.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept
      “Everyone kept telling me not to worry someone will do something. No one did so I became someone and did something.”    ―      Mark A. Cooper,  Absolutely Nothing
      “To separate oneself from the burden, the angst, the anguish that we all encounter everyday. To say I am alive, I am wonderful, I am. I am. That is something to aspire to.”    ―      Garth Stein,  The Art of Racing in the Rain
      “God is whispering in your heart, in the whole existence, just tune your ears.”    ―      Amit Ray,  Meditation: Insights and Inspirations
      “I don't think you should wait. I think you should speak now.”    ―      Taylor Swift,  Taylor Swift: Speak Now
      “The strength of a man isn't seen in the power of his arms. It's seen in the love with which he EMBRACES you.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “A successful marriage requires falling in love many times -- always with the same person.”    ―      Mignon McLaughlin  
      “Indeed, the more we find to love, the more we add to the measure of our hearts.”    ―      Lloyd Alexander,  The Black Cauldron
      “You have forgotten the Onewho doesn't care about ownership,who doesn't try to turn a profitfrom every human exchange.”    ―      Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi,  The Essential Rumi
      “God is God. He knows what he is doing. When you can’t trace his hand, trust his heart.”    ―      Max Lucado (Grace for the Moment)  
      “Watch for the thing that will show itself to you. Because that thing, when you find it, will be your future.”    ―      Arthur Golden,  Memoirs of a Geisha
      “Behind all seen things lies something vaster; everything is but a path, a portal or a window opening on something other than iteself. ”    ―      Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,  Wind, Sand and Stars
      “Mistakes. Trial and error. Same thing. Mistakes are how we learned to walk and run and that hot things burn when you touch them. You’ve made mistakes all your life and you’re going to keep making them.”    ―      Tamara Ireland Stone,  Every Last Word
      “Your humans slaughter each other because of the color of your skin, or your faith or your plitics -- or for no reason at all -- too many of you hate as easily as you draw breath. - Magneto”    ―      Stan Lee  
      “I don't believe in hate. To me it wastes too much time. People who hate waste so much of their life hating that they miss out on all the other stuff out here.”    ―      Jaycee Dugard,  A Stolen Life
      “If I work hard enough, there will be things I can do tomorrow that I can't do today.”    ―      Randy Pausch,  The Last Lecture
      “Happiness is the only thing worth fighting for in life.”    ―      Lilly Singh  
      “Even in the far future,never forget the you of right nowWherever you are right now,you’re just taking a break”    ―      BTS  
      “Evil exists in us all, Torak. Some fight it. Some feed it. That's how it's always been.”    ―      Michelle Paver  
      “To do something that you feel in your heart that's great, you need to make a lot of mistakes. Anything that's successful is a series of mistakes.”    ―      Billie Joe Armstrong  
      “I believe in some blending of hope and sunshine sweetening the worst lots. I believe that this life is not all; neither the beginning nor the end. I believe while I tremble; I trust while I weep.”    ―      Charlotte Bronte,  Villette
      “What you do is what matters, not what you think or say or plan.”    ―      Jason Fried,  Rework
      “It is our wounds that create in us a desire to reach for miracles. The fulfillment of such miracles depends on whether we let our wounds pull us down or lift us up towards our dreams.”    ―      Jocelyn Soriano,  Mend My Broken Heart
      “Never let anybody guess that you have a mind of your own. Above all be pure”    ―      Virginia Woolf  
      “I am an optimist... I choose to be. There is a lot of darkness in our world, there is a lot of pain and you can choose to see that or you can choose to see the joy. If you try to respond positively to the world, you will spend your time better.”    ―      Tom Hiddleston  
      “One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals. And so when I hear about negative and false attacks, I really don't invest any energy in them, because I know who I am.”    ―      Michelle Obama  
      “Here lies one whose name was writ on water.”    ―      John Keats  
      “The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison, was the miracle.”    ―      Anaïs Nin  
      “Everything will be alright in the end so if it is not alright it is not the end.”    ―      Deborah Moggach,  The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel
      “Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world.”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson  
      “When I was One,I had just begun.When I was Two,I was nearly new.When I was ThreeI was hardly me.When I was Four,I was not much more.When I was Five, I was just alive.But now I am Six, I'm as clever as clever,So I think I'll be six now for ever and ever.”    ―      A.A. Milne,  Now We Are Six
      “she lived with hurricane eyes and fell in love with the way the waves collapsed against her cheeks.”    ―      Christopher Poindexter  
      “In your own life it's important to know how spectacular you are.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “But there's always a first time for everything”    ―      Melissa de la Cruz,  Blue Bloods
      “For too many centuries women have been being muses to artists. I wanted to be the muse, I wanted to be the wife of the artist, but I was really trying to avoid the final issue — that I had to do the job myself.”    ―      Anaïs Nin  
      “Philosophy of science is about as useful to scientists as ornithology is to birds.”    ―      Richard Feynman  
      “It is our failure to become our perceived ideal that ultimately defines us and makes us unique. It's not easy, but if you accept your misfortune and handle it right your perceived failure can become a catalyst for profound re-invention.”    ―      Conan O'Brien  
      “It is this belief in a power larger than myself and other than myself which allows me to venture into the unknown and even the unknowable.”    ―      Maya Angelou  
      “This was not a fearie tale. This was not the movies. This was life. It hurt more. It was excruciating. It was excruciatingly beautiful.”    ―      Francesca Lia Block,  Violet & Claire
      “I can tell you I love you as many times as you can stand to hear it, but all it does is remind us that love is not enough. Not even close.”    ―      Mark Andrus  
      “If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.”    ―      Les Brown  
      “If you're really listening, if you're awake to the poignant beauty of the world, your heart breaks regularly. In fact, your heart is made to break; its purpose is to burst open again and again so that it can hold evermore wonders.”    ―      Andrew Harvey  
      “No matter how safe and beautiful it is, a cage is still a cage.”    ―      Jessica Spotswood,  Born Wicked
      “Look beyond yourself..”    ―      Michael  Jackson  
      “Nalaman kong habang lumalaki ka, maraming beses kang madadapa. Bumangon ka man ulit o hindi, magpapatuloy ang buhay, iikot ang mundo, at mauubos ang oras.”    ―      Bob Ong  
      “Self-esteem comes from being able to define the world in your own terms and refusing to abide by the judgments of others.”    ―      Oprah Winfrey  
      “What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?”    ―      Robert Schuller  
      “Truth builds trust.”    ―      Marilyn Suttle  
      “If I lived a million lives, I would've felt a million feelings and I still would've fallen a million times for you.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “Can a dream be wrong? Aren't dreams God's way of telling you things?”    ―      Ellen Hopkins  
      “Why do I have to tell a story?” I asked.“Because if you don’t tell the story, someone else will tell it for you.”    ―      Jennifer Lynn Barnes,  The Inheritance Games
      “Tell all the Truth but tell it slant--Success in Circuit liesToo bright for our infirm DelightThe Truth's superb surpriseAs Lightning to the Children easedWith explanation kindThe Truth must dazzle graduallyOr every man be blind--”    ―      Emily Dickinson  
      “The cause of most of man's unhappiness is sacrificing what he wants most for what he wants now.”    ―      Gordon B. Hinckley  
      “It’s funny, for all it took was a broken heart and that alone was enough, enough for her to do everything she ever dreamed of.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “The truth is I didn’t need therapy; I just needed to feel loved and know that someone out there craved my attention.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “What is a Wanderess? Bound by no boundaries, contained by no countries, tamed by no time, she is the force of nature’s course.”    ―      Roman Payne,  The Wanderess
      “Sometimes success isn't about making the right decision, it's more about making some decision.”    ―      Robin S. Sharma,  The Leader Who Had No Title: A Modern Fable on Real Success in Business and in Life
      “I am not a victim. No matter what I have been through, I'm still here. I have a history of victory.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living; it is not something to be achieved, it is something to be experienced.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “Life doesn't just happen to you; youreceive everything in your life based on what you've given.”    ―      Rhonda Byrne  
      “Living never wore one so much as the effort not to live.”    ―      Anais Nin  
      “The good thing about being old, is you don’t have to worry about dying young.”    ―      Stephen King,  Doctor Sleep
      “Small-minded people blame others. Average people blame themselves. The wise see all blame as foolishness”    ―      Epictetus  
      “A truth that no one knows is still the truth.”    ―      Sharon Shinn,  Jenna Starborn
      “Dreams are the language of God.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist
      “I admire those who do good and expect nothing in return.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “And yet their wills did not yield, and they struggled on.”    ―      J.R.R. Tolkien,  The Return of the King
      “If the world is to be healed through human efforts, I am convinced it will be by ordinary people, people whose love for this life is even greater than their fear.”    ―      Joanna R. Macy  
      “Good ideas stay with you until you eventually write the story.”    ―      Brian Keene  
      “Faster, Faster, until the thrill of speed overcomes the fear of death.”    ―      Hunter S. Thompson  
      “It used to be about trying to do something. Now it's about trying to be someone.”    ―      Margaret Thatcher  
      “The word 'listen' contains the same letters as the word 'silent'.”    ―      Alfred Brendel  
      “We had the experience but missed the meaning. And approach to the meaning restores the experience in a different form.”    ―      T.S. Eliot  
      “If you're waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you'll never make it.”    ―      Criss Jami,  Healology
      “I shut my eyes in order to see.”    ―      Paul Gauguin  
      “It was stupid to hope, she knew. But sometimes hope was all you had.”    ―      Cassandra Clare,  City of Lost Souls
      “If everyone helps to hold up the sky, then one person does not become tired.”    ―      Askhari Johnson Hodari,  Lifelines: The Black Book of Proverbs
      “There is nothing more important than your eternal salvation.”    ―      Kirk Cameron  
      “I had to learn to live without you and I couldn't make sense of it, because I left so much of me inside of you.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “Never miss an opportunity to show your love, especially to those close to you, because we are always at our most cautious with them for fear of being hurt.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  Manuscript Found in Accra
      “Most people fail in life not because they aim too high and miss, but because they aim too low and hit.”    ―      Les Brown  
      “It is beautiful to discover our wings and learn how to fly; flight is a beautiful process. But then to rest on the wings of God as He flies: this is divine.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “Books have a way of finding their way into our lives, usually, right when we need them the most.”    ―      Richard Denney  
      “People don't believe what you tell them.They rarely believe what you show them.They often believe what their friends tell them.They always believe what they tell themselves.”    ―      Seth Godin  
      “Those who use religion for their own benefit are detestable. We are against such a situation and will not allow it. Those who use religion in such a manner have fooled our people; it is against just such people that we have fought and will continue to fight.”    ―      Mustafa Kemal Atatürk  
      “I can’t cry so I have to laugh.”    ―      Maria Nhambu,  Africa's Child
      “The world is so full of a number of things, I ’m sure we should all be as happy as kings.”    ―      Robert Louis Stevenson  
      “Some battles don’t have a winner. Sometimes the best a good general can hope for is a ceasefire”    ―      Emma Chase,  Tangled
      “In a strong relationship, you should love your companion more than you need them.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “Nobody sees a flower - really - it is so small it takes time - we haven't time - and to see takes time, like to have a friend takes time.”    ―      Georgia O'Keeffe,  Georgia O'Keeffe
      “I have already settled it for myself so flattery and criticism go down the same drain and I am quite free.”    ―      Georgia O'Keefe  
      “The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want for nothing. He makes me lie down in the green pastures. He greases up my head with oil. He gives me kung-fu in the face of my enemies. Amen”    ―      Stephen King,  The Stand
      “He who robs us of our dreams robs us of our life.”    ―      Virginia Woolf,  Orlando
      “There are no traffic jams on the extra mile.”    ―      Zig Ziglar  
      “You know me better than you think, you know, and you shall know me better yet.”    ―      C.S. Lewis,  The Magician's Nephew
      “Suddenly, everything was beautiful. The way she viewed the world was nothing more but a reflection of herself.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “Life consists of what man is thinking about all day.”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson  
      “Dislike in yourself what you dislike in others.”    ―      Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S  
      “The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “I was good and bad, but never wicked.”    ―      Anne Rice  
      “The more you talk about them, the more important they will feel. The more you listen to them, the more important you will make them feel.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “No one lights a lamp in order to hide it behind the door: the purpose of light is to create more light, to open people's eyes, to reveal the marvels around.”    ―      Paulo Coelho  
      “Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “When it rains it pours. Maybe the art of life is to convert tough times to great experiences: we can choose to hate the rain or dance in it.”    ―      Joan Marques  
      “It's better to have a few faithful friends than numerous shallow friendships.”    ―      Jonathan Anthony Burkett,  Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable
      “... just because [butterflies'] lives were short didn't mean they were tragic... See, they have a beautiful life.”    ―      Lisa Genova,  Still Alice
      “Bebek berjalan berbondong-bondong, akan tetapi burung elang terbang sendirian.”    ―      Soekarno,  Indonesia Menggugat: Pidato Pembelaan Bung Karno di Muka Hakim Kolonial
      “Coming from your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man!”    ―      Stan Lee  
      “The important thing is not the object of love, but the emotion itself.”    ―      Gore Vidal  
      “when you're cool for twenty,you get paid for twenty-one.”    ―      Miguel Pinero  
      “In the mist of Difficulty lies Opportunity.”    ―      Oprah Winfrey  
      “The wise warrior avoids the battle.”    ―      Sun Tzu,  The Art of War
      “Time is what keeps things from happening all at once.”    ―      Ann Brashares,  The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants
      “To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little.”    ―      Criss Jami,  Venus in Arms
      “I am still determined to be cheerful and happy, in whatever situation I may be; for I have also learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances. a”    ―      Martha Washington  
      “Let us pick up our books and our pens,” I said. “They are our most powerful weapons. One child, one teacher, one book and one pen can change the world.”    ―      Malala Yousafzai,  I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
      “You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, but not what I've been through.”    ―      Jonathan Anthony Burkett,  Neglected But Undefeated
      “Do what you love, think what you feel and live the way you want.”    ―      Santosh Kalwar,  Quote Me Everyday
      “Be a true Heart, not a follower.”    ―      Ed Sheeran  
      “It does not matter how long you live, but how well you do it.”    ―      Martin Luther King Jr.  
      “If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.”    ―      John Quincy Adams  
      “You do not have to sit outside in the dark. If, however, you want to look at the stars, you will find that darkness is necessary. But the stars neither require nor demand it.”    ―      Annie Dillard,  Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters
      “God only allows us to see such things when he wants something to change”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  Aleph
      “Tough times don't last, tough people do, remember?”    ―      Gregory Peck  
      “The major work of the world is not done by geniuses. It is done by ordinary people, with balance in their lives, who have learned to work in an extraordinary manner.”    ―      Gordon B. Hinckley  
      “A wise man always has something to say, whereas a fool always needs to say something.”    ―      Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S  
      “there is no moment more precious than the exact moment you are living now”    ―      Obert Skye,  Leven Thumps and the Gateway to Foo
      “Silent acquiescence in the face of tyranny is no better than outright agreement.”    ―      C.J. Redwine,  Defiance
      “Remember your humanity, and forget the rest.”    ―      Bertrand Russell  
      “When was the last time you woke up and realized that today could be the best day of your life?”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “Don't get set into one form, adapt it and build your own, and let it grow, be like water.”    ―      Bruce Lee  
      “On Wednesday, when the sky is blue,and I have nothing else to do,I sometimes wonder if it's true That who is what and what is who." - Winnie-the-Pooh”    ―      A.A. Milne  
      “Respect your efforts, respect yourself. Self-respect leads toself-discipline. When you have both firmly under your belt,that's real power.”    ―      Clint Eastwood  
      “Regret is counterproductive. It's looking back on a past that you can't change. Questioning things as they occur can prevent regret in the future.”    ―      Colleen Hoover,  Slammed
      “What is the point of being on this Earth if you are going to be like everyone else?”    ―      Arnold Schwarzenegger,  Total Recall: My Unbelievably True Life Story
      “The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. work is the key to success, and hard work can help you accomplish anything.”    ―      Vince Lombardi  
      “The summit of happiness is reached when a person is ready to be what he is.”    ―      Desiderius Erasmus  
      “People who love themselves come across as very loving, generous and kind; they express their self-confidence through humility, forgiveness and inclusiveness.”    ―      Sanaya Roman,  Living with Joy: Keys to Personal Power and Spiritual Transformation
      “A child fish asks mother fish, 'Mother, why cannot we live on the Earth?' Mother fish replied, 'Dear… it is not the place for fish, it is the place for selfish”    ―      Santosh Kalwar  
      “Inner peace is impossible without patience. Wisdom requires patience. Spiritual growth implies the mastery of patience. Patience allows the unfolding of destiny to proceed at its won unhurried pace.”    ―      Brian Weiss,  Muchas Vidas, Muchos Maestros
      “I would not sit waiting for some vague tomorrow, nor for something to happen. One could wait a lifetime, and find nothing at the end of the waiting. I would begin here, I would make something happen.”    ―      Louis L'Amour,  Sackett's Land
      “To be human is to be broken and broken is its own kind of beautiful.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “There is no point in keeping vengeance or stubbornness. These things" -he sighed- "these things I so regret in my life. Pride. Vanity. Why do we do the things we do? Morrie Schwartz”    ―      Mitch Albom,  Tuesdays with Morrie
      “Some days are like this. And the only way to get through them is to remember that they are only one day, and that every day ends.”    ―      David Levithan,  Six Earlier Days
      “Hearts can't be broken because they're made of marzipan.”    ―      Kerstin Gier,  Smaragdgrün
      “Beware of speaking too much, for it increases mistakes and engenders boredom.”    ―      Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S  
      “Sanctify yourself and you will sanctify society.”    ―      Francis Of Assisi  
      “Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.”    ―      Steve Jobs  
      “Accidents happen. Our bones shatter, our skin splits, our hearts break. We burn, we drown, we stay alive.”    ―      Moïra Fowley-Doyle,  The Accident Season
      “The boy and his heart had become friends, and neither was capable now of betraying the other.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  The Alchemist
      “Blindness separates people from things;deafness separates people from people.”    ―      Helen Keller  
      “I feel infinite.”    ―      Stephen Chbosky,  The Perks of Being a Wallflower
      “There's no reason to have a plan B because it distracts from plan A.”    ―      Will Smith  
      “If you have not done things worthy of being written about, at least write things worthy of being read.”    ―      Giacomo Casanova  
      “And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.... Don't settle”    ―      Steve Jobs  
      “Bird by bird, buddy. Just take it bird by bird.”    ―      Anne Lamott,  Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life
      “Don't let your habits become handcuffs”    ―      Elizabeth Berg,  The Year of Pleasures
      “The most important thing is this: to be able at any moment to be free to choose a life that makes you happy.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “If you can't do great things, do small things in a great way.”    ―      Napoleon Hill  
      “That's a misconception, Lennie. The sky is everywhere, it begins at your feet.”    ―      Jandy Nelson,  The Sky Is Everywhere
      “A man can't soar too high, when he flies with his own wings.”    ―      William Blake  
      “Love me or hate me I promise that it will never make or break me...<3”    ―      Tyra Banks,  Tyra's Beauty Inside  Out
      “It doesn't matter who you are, or where you come from, or how much money you've got in your pocket. You have your own destiny and your own life ahead of you.”    ―      Lady Gaga  
      “Faith is deliberate confidence in the character of God whose ways you may not understand at the time.”    ―      Oswald Chambers  
      “If you want something you've never hadYou must be willing to do something you've never done.”    ―      Thomas Jefferson  
      “Always be like a water. Float in the times of pain or dance like waves along the wind which touches its surface.”    ―      Santosh Kalwar  
      “Caminante, no hay puentes, se hace puentes al andar. (Voyager, there are no bridges, one builds them as one walks.) ”    ―      Gloria Anzaldúa  
      “Faith is like radar that sees through the fog -- the reality of things at a distance that the human eye cannot see.”    ―      Corrie Ten Boom  
      “You only get one life. Live it to the fullest. All your miseries will be forgiven when you will be dead.”    ―      Santosh Kalwar  
      “It’s never the value of water but thirst, it’s never the value of life but death and it’s never about the friendship but trust.”    ―      Ali Ibn Abi Talib AS  
      “What is grander than a country and more valuable than gold? Strength of heart.”    ―      Cornelius Elmore Addison,  Tom Thorneval: Dream Merchant Extraordinaire
      “It is when things are at worst you will get the best.”    ―      Santosh Kalwar,  You Can
      “Travel light, live light, spread the light, be the light.”    ―      Yogi Bhajan  
      “Most people think happiness is about gaining something, but it's not. It's all about getting rid of the darkness you accumulate.”    ―      Carolyn Crane,  Double Cross
      “when you came you cried and everybody smiled with joy; when you go smile and let the world cry for you.”    ―      Rabindranath Tagore  
      “To put meaning in one's life may end in madness,But life without meaning is the tortureOf restlessness and vague desire--It is a boat longing for the sea and yet afraid.”    ―      Edgar Lee Masters,  Spoon River Anthology
      “When purpose is not known, abuse is inevitable”    ―      Myles Munroe,  Understanding the Purpose and Power of Woman
      “Let them call me a rebel and welcome. I feel no concern from it. But should I suffer the misery of devils, were I to make a whore of my soul.”    ―      Thomas Paine  
      “Arrogance on the part of the meritorious is even more offensive to us than the arrogance of those without merit: for merit itself is offensive.”    ―      Friedrich Nietzsche  
      “Please go for your dreams. Whatever your ideals, you can become whatever you want to become.”    ―      Michael  Jackson  
      “One discovers that destiny can be diverted, that one does not have to remain in bondage to the first wax imprint made on childhood sensibilities. Once the deforming mirror has been smashed, there is a possibility of wholeness. There is a possibility of joy.”    ―      Anais Nin  
      “You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.”    ―      Woodrow Wilson  
      “Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.”    ―      Swedish Proverb  
      “To read is to empower,To empower is to write,To write is to influence,To influence is to change,To change is to live".”    ―      Jane Evershed  
      “When a person can't find a deep sense of meaning, they distract themselves with pleasure.”    ―      Viktor E. Frankl  
      “Adversity introduces a man to himself.”    ―      Albert Einstein  
      “Seberapa indah mimpi, jika tetap mimpi?”    ―      Seno Gumira Ajidarma,  Kitab Omong Kosong
      “The reward of a thing well done is having done it.”    ―      Ralph Waldo Emerson  
      “Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.”    ―      H. Jackson Brown Jr.  
      “If you're serious about sanctification, you can expect to experience heart-wrenching moments that try your faith, your endurance, and your patience.”    ―      Sheri L. Dew,  If Life Were Easy, It Wouldn't Be Hard: And Other Reassuring Truths
      “The media only writes about the sinners and the scandals, he said, but that's normal, because 'a tree that falls makes more noise than a forest that grows.”    ―      Pope Francis  
      “...there will be sleeping enough in the grave....”    ―      Benjamin Franklin,  The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin
      “I don’t care,” I said, leaning my head back against the seat. “Can we just get lost and see where that lands us?”    ―      Alexandra Bracken,  In the Afterlight
      “‎The day you become old is the day you're not looking for new experiences anymore.”    ―      Billie Joe Armstrong  
      “There is nothing frightening in the dark if you just face it.”    ―      L.J. Smith,  The Captive Part II / The Power
      “The Universe doesn't like secrets. It conspires to reveal the truth, to lead you to it.”    ―      Lisa Unger,  Beautiful Lies
      “Too many people spend too much time trying to perfect something before they actually do it. Instead of waiting for perfection, run with what you go, and fix it along the way…”    ―      Paul Arden  
      “Nobody is wired wrong, because there’s no wrong and right in the way we are.”    ―      hannah hart  
      “There is beauty everywhere; even in the dark, there is light, and that is the rarest kind of all.”    ―      Catherine Doyle,  Vendetta
      “A smile is the best makeup a girl could wear”    ―      Marilyn monroe  
      “You must learn to take a step back and visualize the whole piece. If you focus only on the thread given to you, you lose sight of what it can become. ”    ―      Colleen Houck  
      “The moral of the story is even though that seemed like the end of the world back then, right now I can look back on it and laugh. And if anyone is going through something similar right now just know it will get better.”    ―      Phil Lester  
      “If through a broken heart God can bring His purposes to pass in the world, then thank Him for breaking your heart.”    ―      Oswald Chambers  
      “If you can't be honest with your friends and colleagues and loved ones, then what is life all about?”    ―      Sophie Kinsella,  Can You Keep a Secret?
      “There had been times when he knew, somewhere in him, that he would get used to it, whatever it was, because he had learnt that some hard things became softer after a very little while.”    ―      Nick Hornby,  About a Boy
      “I realized then that even though I was a tiny speck in an infinite cosmos, a blip on the timeline of eternity, I was not without purpose.”    ―      R.J. Anderson,  Ultraviolet
      “Advice is like snow; the softer it falls, the longer it dwells upon, and the deeper it sinks into the mind.”    ―      Samuel Taylor Coleridge  
      “In a very real sense we have two minds, one that thinks and one that feels”    ―      Daniel Goleman,  Emotional Intelligence: Why It Can Matter More Than IQ
      “Again and again I will suffer; again and again I will get back on my feet. I will not be defeated. I won't let my spirit be destroyed.”    ―      Banana Yoshimoto,  Kitchen
      “Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “You learn to write by writing, and by reading and thinking about how writers have created their characters and invented their stories. If you are not a reader, don't even think about being a writer.”    ―      Jean M. Auel  
      “Don't think of introversion as something that needs to be cured...Spend your free the way you like, not the way you think you're supposed to.”    ―      Susan Cain,  Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking
      “There are people who have money and people who are rich.”    ―      Coco Chanel  
      “How would your life be different if…You didn’t allow yourself to be defined by your past? Let today be the day…You stop letting your history interfere with your destiny and awaken to the opportunity to release your greatest self.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “Take Care Of Your Tongue Like The Way You Take Care Of Gold & Silver.”    ―      Ali Ibn Abi Talib A.S  
      “Delisa cinta ummi karena Allah.”    ―      Tere Liye,  Hafalan Shalat Delisa
      “You have to rise above the squabbling and chaos, and keep believing. You have to always keep your goals in mind.” -Hera, goddess of marriage ”    ―      Rick Riordan   
      “Never let yourself be persuaded that any one Great Man, any one leader, is necessary to the salvation of America. When America consists of one leader and 158 million followers, it will no longer be America.”    ―      Dwight D. Eisenhower  
      “Sameron adion asoI shall sing a sweeter song tomorrow”    ―      Theocritus  
      “Child, you have to learn to see things in the right proportions. Learn to see great things great and small things small.”    ―      Corrie Ten Boom  
      “The house, the stars, the desert -- what gives them their beauty is something that is invisible!”    ―      Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,  The Little Prince
      “What an utter disgrace it would be to find something truly magic and spend any time at all pretending and trying to convince yourself it is all just an unbelievably orchestrated and beautifully choreographed illusion.”    ―      Tyler Knott Gregson  
      “The greatest revenge is massive success.”    ―      Les Brown  
      “The wolves knew when it was time to stop looking for what they'd lost, to focus instead on what was yet to come.”    ―      Jodi Picoult,  Lone Wolf
      “Take courage, my heart: you have been through worse than this. Be strong, saith my heart; I am a soldier; I have seen worse sights than this.”    ―      Homer,  The Odyssey
      “A battle is won by him who is firmly resolved to win it.”    ―      Leo Tolstoy,  War and Peace
      “Don't try to fix me, I'm not broken...”    ―      Evanescence  
      “I believe that everything that you do bad comes back to you. So everything that I do that's bad, I'm going to suffer from it. But in my mind, I believe what I'm doing is right. So I feel like I'm going to heaven”    ―      Tupac Shakur  
      “Be the kind of person who dares to face life's challenges and overcome them rather than dodging them.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Sometimes it's the same moments that take your breath away that breathe purpose and love back into your life.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “Be wary of strong drink, it can make you shoot at the tax collector...and miss.”    ―      Robert A. Heinlein,  Time Enough for Love
      “There are two things that men should never weary of, goodness and humility; we get none too much of them in this rough world among cold, proud people.”    ―      Robert Louis Stevenson,  Kidnapped
      “Dive deep. Drown willingly”    ―      Ted Dekker,  White: The Great Pursuit
      “Remember that things are not always as they appear to be… Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Like a missing tooth, sometimes an absence is more noticeable than a presence.”    ―      Jodi Picoult,  Lone Wolf
      “...a God that did everything we thought was right and good wouldn't be the creator of the universe. He would be our puppet.”    ―      Min Jin Lee,  Pachinko
      “That's chess!" snapped Ron. "You've got to make some sacrifices!”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
      “True beauty lies in purity of the heart.”    ―      Mahatma Gandhi  
      “To see me does not necessarily mean to see my face. To understand my thoughts is to have seen me.”    ―      Mustafa Kemal Atatürk  
      “It was never about the world being too big, it was more like she was too much for the world to handle.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “Me with nothing left to lose, plotting my big revenge in the spotlight. Give me violent revenge fantasies as a coping mechanism.”    ―      Chuck Palahniuk  
      “Remember this. Hold on to this. This is the only perfection there is, the perfection of helping others. This is the only thing we can do that has any lasting meaning. This is why we're here. To make each other feel safe.”    ―      Andre Agassi,  Open
      “Temptation is the feeling we get when encountered by an opportunity to do what we innately know we shouldn't.”    ―      Steve Maraboli  
      “It was the living who ignored the strange and wonderful, because life was too full of the boring and mundane.”    ―      Terry Pratchett,  Reaper Man
      “Your beliefs will be the light by which you see, but they will not be what you see and they will not be a substitute for seeing.”    ―      Flannery O'Connor,  Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose
      “Everyone's on the cliff edge of normal. Everyone finds life an utter nightmare sometimes, and there's no 'normal' way of dealing with it... There is no normal, Evelyn.”    ―      Holly Bourne,  Am I Normal Yet?
      “Rich People plan for three generationsPoor people plan for Saturday night”    ―      Gloria Steinem  
      “It's the people who never learn the word  impossible  who make history, because they're the ones who keep trying.”    ―      Leigh Bardugo,  Wonder Woman. Warbringer
      “The energy of hatred won't get you anywhere; but the energy of forgiveness, which reveals itself through love, will transform your life in a positive way.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  The Zahir
      “You do not have to struggle to reach God, but you do have to struggle to tear away the self-created veil that hides him from you”    ―      Paramahansa Yogananda,  Autobiography of a Yogi
      “You kick ass Sam. And don't forget it”    ―      Pittacus Lore,  The Power of Six
      “Sometimes a flame must level a forest to ash before new growth can begin.”    ―      A.G. Howard,  Splintered
      “The universe is a million billion light-years wide, and every inch of it would kill you if you went there. This is the position of the universe with regards to human life.”    ―      Martin Amis  
      “The greatest challenge of the day is: how to bring about a revolution of the heart, a revolution which has to start with each one of us?”    ―      Dorothy Day  
      “Love stories are written in millimeters and milliseconds with a fast, dull pencil whose marks you can barely see, they are written in miles and eons with a chisel on the side of a mountiantop”    ―      Gabrielle Zevin,  Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac
      “What I stand for is what I stand on.”    ―      Wendell Berry  
      “There are only two forces at work in this world- black and white. Only people are grey.”    ―      Chris Heimerdinger,  Gadiantons and the Silver Sword
      “It's a sad day when you find out that it's not accident or time or fortune, but just yourself that kept things from you.”    ―      Lillian Hellman  
      “Sometimes it falls upon a generation to be great, you can be that generation”    ―      Nelson Mandela  
      “This first glance of a soul which does not yet know itself is like dawn in the heavens; it is the awakening of something radiant and unknown.”    ―      Victor Hugo,  Les Misérables
      “I want to Live! Not Die, Not Hide, LIVE!”    ―      Margaret Peterson Haddix,  Among the Hidden
      “Faith don't come in a bushel basket, Missy. It come one step at a time. Decide to trust Him for one little thing today, and before you know it, you find out He's so trustworthy you be putting your whole life in His hands.”    ―      Lynn Austin,  Candle in the Darkness
      “And a beautiful world we live in, when it is possible, and when many other such things are possible, and not only possible, but done-- done, see you!-- under that sky there, every day.”    ―      Charles Dickens,  A Tale of Two Cities
      “Sugar, it's no parade but you'll get down the street one way or another, so you'd just as well throw your shoulders back and pick up the pace.”    ―      Barbara Kingsolver,  The Poisonwood Bible
      “Grace isn't a little prayer you chant before receiving a meal. It's a way to live.”    ―      Jacqueline Winspear  
      “You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you”    ―      Maxwell Maltz  
      “Under Adverse conditions - some people break down,some break records”    ―      Shiv Khera,  You Can Win: A Step by Step Tool for Top Achievers
      “I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence, but it comes from within. It is there all the time.”    ―      Anna Freud  
      “The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are.”    ―      J.P. Morgan  
      “Convictions are prisons.”    ―      Friedrich Nietzche,  The Birth of Tragedy/Seventy-five Aphorisms/The Anti-Christ
      “To know you are ignorant is the beginning of wisdom.”    ―      Marion Zimmer Bradley  
      “Be natural my children. For the writer that is natural has fulfilled all the rules of art."(Last words, according to Dickens's obituary in The Times.)”    ―      Charles Dickens,  Five Novels: Oliver Twist, A Christmas Carol, David Copperfield, A Tale of Two Cities, Great Expectations
      “Baby you're a firework, c'mon show 'em what you're worth..." ~Firework”    ―      Katy Perry  
      “Enjoy the limitless bliss consciousness here and now. The reality of you lies much beyond your sensory perceptions and boundaries.”    ―      Amit Ray  
      “I never loved another person the way I loved myself.”    ―      Mae West  
      “Don't forget your history nor your destiny”    ―      Bob Marley  
      “Do good, live in the most positive and joyful way possible every day.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett,  The Light in the Heart
      “There is no greater insight into the future than recognizing...when we save our children, we save ourselves”    ―      Margaret Mead  
      “If there is anything that links the human to the divine, it is the courage to stand by a principle when everybody else rejects it.”    ―      Abraham Lincoln  
      “It’s never overreacting to ask for what you want and need.”    ―      Amy Poehler  
      “We think you'll find that every woman in her heart of hearts longs for three things: to be romanced, to play an irreplaceable role in a great adventure, and to unveil beauty. That's what makes a woman come alive.”    ―      John Eldredge,  Captivating: Unveiling the Mystery of a Woman's Soul
      “This is who the fuck I am.”    ―      Lady Gaga  
      “Either you run the day or the day runs you..”    ―      Jim Rohn  
      “It's a rare gift, to know where you need to be, before you've been to all the places you don't need to be.”    ―      Ursula K. Le Guin,  Tales from Earthsea
      “And I remembered something else that makes us human: faith, the only weapon in our arsenal to battle doubt.”    ―      Jodi Picoult,  Change of Heart
      “The nourishment of body is food, while the nourishment of the soul is feeding others.”    ―      Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S  
      “Make visible what, without you, might perhaps never have been seen.”    ―      Robert Bresson  
      “because he's Will”    ―      Philip Pullman,  The Amber Spyglass
      “If we were to one day encounter a form of life more powerful and intelligent than our own, and it regarded us as we regard fish, what would be our argument against being eaten?”    ―      Jonathan Safran Foer,  Eating Animals
      “Deeds will not be less valiant because they are unpraised.”    ―      J.R.R. Tolkien,  The Lord of the Rings
      “I cried because I had no shoes until I met a man who had no feet.”    ―      Helen Keller  
      “Art is the act of triggering deep memories of what it means to be fully human.”    ―      David Whyte  
      “You pay God a compliment by asking great things of Him.”    ―      Teresa of Avila  
      “Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate. ”    ―      Albert Schweitzer  
      “Forever is a very long time Peter”    ―      J.M. Barrie,  Peter Pan
      “Go ahead and believe that no one shines brighter than you. Become amazing, and be happy.”    ―      Demi Lovato,  Stay Strong
      “Searching outside of you is Samsara (the world). Searching within you leads to Nirvana.”    ―      Amit Ray,  Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style
      “When a man sees you are happy with him but you can be just as happy having nothing to do with him, that’s when he won’t want to leave your side. When you are happy, you are sexy.”    ―      Sherry Argov  
      “It's not whether you got knocked down; it's whether you get back up.”    ―      Vince Lombardi  
      “Give me strength, not to be better than my enemies, but to defeat my greatest enemy, the doubts within myself. Give me strength for a straight back and clear eyes, so when life fades, as the setting sun, my spirit may come to you without shame.”    ―      P.C. Cast & Kristin Cast  
      “Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the choices you make and the actions you take today.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Things will get easier, people's minds will change, and you should be alive to see it.”    ―      Ellen DeGeneres  
      “Souls are like athletes, that need opponents worthy of them, if they are to be tried and extended and pushed to the full use of their powers, and rewarded according to their capacity.”    ―      Thomas Merton,  The Seven Storey Mountain
      “Once your mindset changes, everything on the outside will change along with it.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.”    ―      Indira Gandhi  
      “That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind”    ―      Neil Armstrong  
      “I firmly believe that any man's finest hour, the greatest fulfillment of all that he holds dear, is that moment when he has worked his heart out in a good cause and lies exhausted on the field of battle - victorious." ”    ―      Vince Lombardi  
      “I'm not going to die, I'm going home like a shooting star.”    ―      Sojourner Truth  
      “You're not aloneTogether we standI'll be by your side, you know I'll take your handWhen it gets coldAnd it feels like the endThere's no place to goYou know I won't give in”    ―      Avril Lavigne  
      “Sometimes the best of gods gift's arrive by the shattering of all the window panes.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  Brida
      “...most of the time, all you have is the moment, and the imperfect love of the people around you.”    ―      Anne Lamott,  Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith
      “Leaders live by choice, not by accident.”    ―      Mark Gorman  
      “When we lose one we love, our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough.”    ―      Maurice Maeterlinck  
      “I'm not afraid of dying. I'm afraid I'll never get a chance to live!”    ―      A.A. Bell,  Diamond Eyes
      “I prefer you to make mistakes in kindness than work miracles in unkindness.”    ―      Mother Teresa  
      “Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.”    ―      George E. Woodberry  
      “I've learned one thing: you can only really get to know a person after a row. Only then can you judge their true character!”    ―      Anne Frank,  The Diary of a Young Girl
      “L'homme est libre au moment qu'il veut l'être.”    ―      Voltaire  
      “Sometimes we forget about our own advantages because we focus on what we don't have. Just because you have to work a little harder at something that seems easier to others doesn't mean you're without your own talents.”    ―      Chris Colfer,  The Wishing Spell
      “If you find yourself drawn to an event against all logic, go. The universe is telling you something.”    ―      Gloria Steinem,  My Life on the Road
      “Sometimes your only available transportation is a leap of faith.”    ―      Margaret Shepard  
      “Let nothing disturb you. Let nothing frighten you. Everything passes away except God.”    ―      St. Teresa of Avila  
      “Happiness is a mysterious thing, to be found somewhere between too little and too much.”    ―      Ruskin Bond,  A Book of Simple Living
      “I am unable to believe in a God susceptible to prayer. I simply haven't the nerve to imagine a being, a force, a cause which keeps the planets revolving in their orbits, and then suddenly stops in order to give me a bicycle with three speeds.”    ―      Quentin Crisp  
      “God, send me anywhere, only go with me. Lay any burden on me, only sustain me. And sever any tie in my heart except the tie that binds my heart to Yours.”    ―      David Livingstone  
      “The future doesn't belong to the light-hearted. It belongs to the brave.”    ―      Ronald Regan  
      “When you have a great and difficult task, something perhaps almost impossible, if you only work a little at a time, every day a little, suddenly the work will finish itself.”    ―      Isak Dinesen  
      “Sometimes you just have to jump out the window and grow wings on the way down.”    ―      Ray Bradbury  
      “It has been my philosophy of life that difficulties vanish when faced boldly.”    ―      Isaac Asimov  
      “I AM THE MASTER OF MY FATE AND THE CAPTAIN OF MY DESTINY.”    ―      Nelson Mandela  
      “Everyones greatest fantasy is to walk away from the life (they think)you lead”    ―      Pete Wentz  
      “Maybe I hope too much. Maybe I dream too much or maybe I love too much to just give up on you.”    ―      robert m drake  
      “You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.”    ―      Nancy D. Solomon  
      “There is no rest for the person who has envy, and there is no love for the person who has bad manners.”    ―      Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S  
      “Books didn’t make me wallow in darkness, darkness made me wallow in books.”    ―      Jackson Pearce  
      “I belive I can fly, I believe I can touch the sky. ”    ―      R. Kelly  
      “I was my own woman.The next step was to find the proper sort of man.”    ―      Sylvia Plath,  The Bell Jar
      “Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence”    ―      Vince Lombardi  
      “Light is more important than the lantern,The poem more important than the notebook”    ―      Nizar Qabbani  
      “Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory.”    ―      Les Brown  
      “We become what we want to be by consistently being what we want to become each day.”    ―      Richard G. Scott  
      “From what we get, we can make a living. What we give; however, makes a life.”    ―      Arthur Ashe  
      “It's what's in yourself that makes you happy or unhappy.”    ―      Agatha Christie,  A Murder Is Announced
      “The most powerful magic of all is choice.”    ―      Sara Raasch,  Ice Like Fire
      “It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “In life, you need either inspiration or desperation.”    ―      Anthony Robbins  
      “We are the Bibles the world is reading; We are the creeds the world is needing; We are the sermons the world is heeding.”    ―      Billy Graham  
      “What others think about you is none of your business.”    ―      Jack Canfield,  The Success Principles: How to Get from Where You Are to Where You Want to Be
      “Because saving the people you love isn't stupid. It isn't even a choice”    ―      Kami Garcia,  Beautiful Chaos
      “A tiny change today brings a dramatically different tomorrow.”    ―      Richard Bach,  One
      “Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Patience ensures victory.”    ―      Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S  
      “Out, out brief candle, life is but a walking shadow...a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.”    ―      William Shakespeare,  Macbeth
      “Wake up, Shake up, Make up and Break up; life is all about moving like ant in search of sugar not sand.”    ―      Santosh Kalwar,  Quote Me Everyday
      “Stop blaming outside circumstances for your inside chaos.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience
      “Buy a pup and your money will buyLove unflinching that cannot lie.”    ―      Rudyard Kipling  
      “A dog is not considered a good dog because he is a good barker. A man is not considered a good man because he is a good talker.”    ―      Guatama Buddha  
      “Now don't you understand man universal lawWhat you throw out comes back to you, starNever underestimate those who you scarCause karma, karma, karma comes back to you hard”    ―      Lauryn Hill  
      “Love is not a relationship, love is a state of being; it has nothing to do with anybody else. One is not "in love", one is love. And of course when one is love, one is in love – but that is an outcome, a by-product, that is not the source. The source is that one is love.”    ―      Osho  
      “Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.”    ―      Marilyn vos Savant  
      “Tragedy and adversary are the stones we sharpen our swords against so we can fight new battles.”    ―      Sherrilyn Kenyon,  Infinity
      “There are souls in this world who have the gift of finding joy everywhere, and leaving it behind them when they go.”    ―      Frederick William Faber  
      “Hidup hanya ada erti pada yang bahagia.”    ―      Hlovate,  Contengan Jalanan
      “You have to lift a person up before you can really put them in their place.”    ―      Criss Jami,  Killosophy
      “No lake so still but it has its wave.No circle so perfect but that it has its blur.I would change things for you if I could; As I can't you must take them as they are.”    ―      Confucius  
      “Only those are fit to live who do not fear to die; and none are fit to die who have shrunk from the joy of life and the duty of life. Both life and death are parts of the same Great Adventure.”    ―      Theodore Roosevelt  
      “A man's ego is the fountainhead of human progress.”    ―      Ayn Rand  
      “A real scientist solves problems, not wails that they are unsolvable.”    ―      Anne McCaffrey,  Acorna: The Unicorn Girl
      “We have been moving along at such a fast pace that we no longer know what we are doing. Now we have to wait until our soul catches up with us.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  Maktub
      “Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.”    ―      Edmund Burke  
      “Accept yourself, your strengths, your weaknesses, your truths, and know what tools you have to fulfill your purpose.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “We pencil-sketch our previous life so we can contrast it to the technicolor of the moment. ”    ―      David Levithan,  Boy Meets Boy
      “No name-calling truly bites deep unless, in some dark part of us, we believe it. If we are confident enough then it is just noise.”    ―      Laurell K. Hamilton,  A Stroke of Midnight
      “I want to be justice, love and the wrath of God all in one.”    ―      Marjane Satrapi,  Persepolis: The Story of a Childhood
      “Maybe it just means that love can be stronger than fear.”    ―      L.J. Smith,  The Forbidden Game
      “I'd rather die while I'm living than live while I'm dead. ”    ―      Jimmy Buffett  
      “Only when we give joyfully, without hesitation or thought of gain, can we truly know what love means.”    ―      Leo Buscaglia  
      “Have to? Of course you have to! But only because of you, Harry, won't rest until Voldemort is finished! Think now, for once, if you have never heard of the prophecy! What would you do?”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
      “The best form of saying is being”    ―      Che Guevarra,  Passages de la guerre révolutionnaire : le Congo
      “Thus we never see the true state of our condition till it is illustrated to us by its contraries, nor know how to value what we enjoy, but by the want of it.”    ―      Daniel Defoe,  Robinson Crusoe
      “If it’s going to be a world with no time for sentiment, it’s not a world that I want to live in.”    ―      Christopher Isherwood,  A Single Man
      “Align yourself with people that you can learn from, people who want more out of life, people who are stretching and searching and seeking some higher ground in life.”    ―      Les Brown  
      “Shoot for the moon, because even if you miss you miss, you'll land in the stars.”    ―      Les Brown  
      “Joy is not in things; it is in us”    ―      Richard Wagner  
      “If you don't want a generation of robots, fund the arts!”    ―      Cath Crowley,  Graffiti Moon
      “Be brave”    ―      Veronica Roth,  Allegiant
      “We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.”    ―      Calvin Coolidge  
      “The voracious ambition of humans is never sated by dreams coming true, because there is always the thought that everything might be done better and again.”    ―      John Green,  The Fault in Our Stars
      “I'm the biggest critic of my own work, but sometimes you nail a chapter so good that you have to take a step back and admire that bitch.”    ―      R.D. Ronald  
      “We're miserable because we think that we are mere individuals, alone with our fears and flaws and resentment and mortality.”    ―      Elizabeth Gilbert,  Eat, Pray, Love: One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy, India and Indonesia
      “This is not the end, this is not even the beginning of the end, this is just perhaps the end of the beginning.”    ―      Winston S. Churchill  
      “Everything that had happened was shockingly beautiful, enough to make you crazy.”    ―      Banana Yoshimoto,  NP
      “Seize the wind," I whispered. "Don't become the kite that never flies.”    ―      Elizabeth Lim,  Spin the Dawn
      “Nothing but a symbol? People die for symbols. People have hope because of symbols. They're not just lines. They're histories, cultures, traditions, given shape.”    ―      Roshani Chokshi,  The Gilded Wolves
      “When you get up in the morning, you have two choices - either to be happy or to be unhappy. Just choose to be happy.”    ―      Norman Vincent Peale  
      “Always ask yourself: "What will happen if I say nothing?”    ―      Kamand Kojouri  
      “Don't count your owls before they are delivered.”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
      “Inspiration comes of working every day.”    ―      Charles Baudelaire  
      “The pressures on gay teens can be overwhelming--to keep secrets, tell lies, deny who you are, and try to be who you're not. Remember: you are special and worth being cared about, loved, and accepted just as you are. Never, ever let anyone convince you otherwise.”    ―      Alex Sanchez  
      “I change the world, the world changes me.”    ―      Libba Bray  
      “Nuff said!”    ―      Stan Lee  
      “Your mother won a special reward," she told me, "because everyone had a head in her pictures. We all applauded.”    ―      Sarah Dessen,  Dreamland
      “Failing sucks. But it's better than the alternative.""Which is?""Not even trying." Now he did look at me, straight on. "Life's short, you know?”    ―      Sarah Dessen,  Along for the Ride
      “He knew sometimes some fear can be good. When you are afraid things are going to get worse if you don't do something, it can prompt you into action. But it is not good when you are afraid that it keeps you from doing anything.”    ―      Spencer Johnson,  Who Moved My Cheese?
      “If I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning.”    ―      Mahatma Gandhi  
      “Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.”    ―      Germany Kent  
      “A woman can't do anything about her appearance. Either she's pretty or she isn't. But her character is quite another matter.”    ―      Julie Garwood,  The Prize
      “Just because Fate doesn't deal you the right cards, it doesn't mean you should give up. It just means you have to play the cards you get to their maximum potential.”    ―      Les Brown  
      “We all do what we can, and it has to be good enough, and if it isn't good enough, it has to do.”    ―      Stephen King,  The Dead Zone
      “We are all here on earth to help others: what on earth the others are here for, I don't know.”    ―      W.H. Auden  
      “Yes, the brutalities of progress are called revolutions. When they are over, this is recognised: that the human race has been harshly treated, but that it has advanced.”    ―      Victor Hugo,  Les Misérables
      “If this is all we get, then let's take it. I want to be fearless and free," she says, giving me a look, daring me. "It's just life, Will. It'll be over before we know it.”    ―      Rachael Lippincott,  Five Feet Apart
      “Whoever thought that he had understood something of me had merely construed something out of me, after his own image.”    ―      Friedrich Nietzsche  
      “Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.[Inaugural Address, January 20 1961]”    ―      John Fitzgerald Kennedy  
      “There are many people who can do big things, but there are very few people who will do the small things.”    ―      Mother Teresa  
      “Stop giving your life away to other people.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “I wanted change and excitement and to shoot off in all directions myself, like the colored arrows from a Fourth of July rocket.”    ―      Sylvia Plath,  The Bell Jar
      “Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.”    ―      Carl Gustav Jung  
      “The universe was here before you, and it will go on after you. The only way it will remember you is if you do something worthy of remembrance.”    ―      Amie Kaufman,  Illuminae
      “Do not try to explain feelings. Live everything intensely and treasure what you feel as a gift from God.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  Brida
      “God made the world round so we would never be able to see too far down the road.”    ―      Isak Dinesen  
      “The greatest thing about dreams is they don’t expire. They can lay dormant for years and when you pull them out and dust them off, they shine like new.”    ―      Casi McLean  
      “If you do not find yourself a galaxy, it is not so bad to find yourself a star.”    ―      Tamsyn Muir,  Gideon the Ninth
      “Hope springs forever.”    ―      J.K. Rowling,  The Tales of Beedle the Bard
      “I think there is a song out there to describe just about any situation.”    ―      Criss Jami,  Killosophy
      “For your past, for your flaws, and ultimately for your stress; I judge no one whom I’ve met along the way because in a sense we were all wounded in our own ways.”    ―      Forrest Curran  
      “Simplify your life. You don't grow spiritual, you shrink spiritual.”    ―      Steve Maraboli,  Life, the Truth, and Being Free
      “I have a dream.” “Is your dream very big?” “No.” “Well is it very grand?” “Not either.” “Neither?” “Neither.” “What is it then?” “It is very shiny.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “The first thing you have to know about writing is that it is something you must do everyday. There are two reasons for this rule: Getting the work done and connecting with your unconscious mind.”    ―      Walter Mosley  
      “As I naturally go through a full range of emotions in my life, I mustn’t feel ashamed for feeling lost, for it is honest and human to feel such.”    ―      Forrest Curran,  Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love
      “And...I think that's what life is all about, actually,about children and flowers.”    ―      Audrey Hepburn  
      “One day in my shoes and a day for me in your shoes, the beauty of travel lies in the ease and willingness to be more open.”    ―      Forrest Curran  
      “All men are created equal. It is what you do from there that makes the difference. We are all free agents in life. We make our own decisions. We control our own destiny.”    ―      Glenn Beck  
      “She had a flower tattoo on her wrist; "What does that mean?" he asked her. "Absolutely nothing," she said, "it's just a flower.”    ―      C. JoyBell C.  
      “Without the gods, how would I sing?' I asked.With your own voice,' he said.”    ―      Erica Jong,  Sappho's Leap
      “Whether you know or not, you are the infinite potential of love, peace and joy”    ―      Amit Ray  
      “The life given us, by nature is short; but the memory of a well-spent life is eternal.”    ―      Marcus Tullius Cicero  
      “[T]he race is long - to finish first, first you must finish.”    ―      Garth Stein,  The Art of Racing in the Rain
      “Idealisme adalah kemewahan terakhir yang hanya dimiliki oleh pemuda.”    ―      Tan Malaka  
      “It is in the knowledge of the genuine conditions of our lives that we must draw our strength to live and our reasons for living.”    ―      Simone de Beauvoir  
      “We are what we are, neither a good or as bad as others paint us. And what we are doesn't change how truly we feel, only how free we are to follow those feelings.”    ―      Melissa Marr,  Ink Exchange
      “Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world.”    ―      Roy T. Bennett  
      “Dreams are shores where the ocean of spirit meets the land of matter. Dreams are beaches where the yet-to-be, the once-were, the will-never-be may walk awhile with the still are.”    ―      David Mitchell,  Number9Dream
      “Well, if it can be thought, it can be done, a problem can be overcome,”    ―      E.A. Bucchianeri,  Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,
      “at your weakest, you end up showing more strength; at your lowest, you are suddenly lifted higher than you’ve ever been. They all border one another, these opposites and show how quickly we can be altered.”    ―      Cecelia Ahern,  Thanks for the Memories
      “Only children believe they're capable of everything.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  Aleph
      “The human touch is that little snippet of physical affection that brings a bit of comfort, support, and kindness. It doesn’t take much from the one who gives it, but can make a huge difference in the one who receives it.”    ―      Mya Robarts,  The V Girl: a Coming of Age Story
      “To oppose something is to maintain it... You must go somewhere else; you must have another goal; then you walk a different road.”    ―      Ursula K. Le Guin  
      “Most of us lead far more meaningful lives than we know. Often finding meaning is not about doing things differently; it is about seeing familiar things in new ways. ”    ―      Rachel Naomi Remen,  My Grandfather's Blessings : Stories of Strength, Refuge, and Belonging
      “You must be humble, as it is one of the greatest [forms of] worship.”    ―      Ali Ibn Abi Talib A.S  
      “Not to have a thing is less humiliating than to beg it.”    ―      Ali Ibn Abi Talib A.S  
      “When we make our own misery we sometimes cling to it even when we want so bad to change, because misery is something we know. The misery is comfortable.”    ―      Dean Koontz,  One Door Away from Heaven
      “We're constantly being told what other people think we are, and that's why it is so important to know yourself.”    ―      Sarah McLachlan  
      “The only people who can change the world are people who want to. And not everybody does.”    ―      Hugh MacLeod  
      “Be faithful to that which exists nowhere but in yourself- and thus make yourself indispensable.”    ―      André Gide  
      “You'll make mistakes because it's impossible to know what is or isn't a mistake until it's made.”    ―      Stephenie Meyer,  The Chemist
      “Let us not become so cautious that we forget to live.”    ―      Elizabeth Gilbert,  City of Girls
      “All great deeds and all great thoughts have a ridiculous beginning. Great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door.”    ―      Albert Camus  
      “So long as you do no harm to another, change your opinion once in a while. Contradict yourself without being embarrassed. This is your right. It doesn't matter what others think -because that's what they will think, in any case.”    ―      Paulo Coelho,  Maktub